<ID>8</ID>
<BODY>New Zealand's official foreign
reserves fell to 7.15 billion N.Z. Dlrs in January from 7.20
billion dlrs in December and compared with 3.03 billion a year
ago period, the Reserve Bank said in its weekly statistical
bulletin.
</BODY>

<ID>9</ID>
<BODY>The Commodity Credit Corporation, CCC,
has accepted an export bonus offer to cover the sale of 37,000
long tons of wheat flour to North Yemen, the U.S. Agriculture
Department said.
    The wheat four is for shipment March-May and the bonus
awarded was 119.05 dlrs per tonnes and will be paid in the form
of commodities from the CCC inventory.
    The bonus was awarded to the Pillsbury Company.
    The wheat flour purchases complete the Export Enhancement
Program initiative announced in April, 1986, it said. 
</BODY>


<ID>19</ID>
<BODY>Showers continued throughout the week in
the Bahia cocoa zone, alleviating the drought since early
January and improving prospects for the coming temporao,
although normal humidity levels have not been restored,
Comissaria Smith said in its weekly review.
    The dry period means the temporao will be late this year.
    Arrivals for the week ended February 22 were 155,221 bags
of 60 kilos making a cumulative total for the season of 5.93
mln against 5.81 at the same stage last year. Again it seems
that cocoa delivered earlier on consignment was included in the
arrivals figures.
    Comissaria Smith said there is still some doubt as to how
much old crop cocoa is still available as harvesting has
practically come to an end. With total Bahia crop estimates
around 6.4 mln bags and sales standing at almost 6.2 mln there
are a few hundred thousand bags still in the hands of farmers,
middlemen, exporters and processors.
    There are doubts as to how much of this cocoa would be fit
for export as shippers are now experiencing dificulties in
obtaining +Bahia superior+ certificates.
    In view of the lower quality over recent weeks farmers have
sold a good part of their cocoa held on consignment.
    Comissaria Smith said spot bean prices rose to 340 to 350
cruzados per arroba of 15 kilos.
    Bean shippers were reluctant to offer nearby shipment and
only limited sales were booked for March shipment at 1,750 to
1,780 dlrs per tonne to ports to be named.
    New crop sales were also light and all to open ports with
June/July going at 1,850 and 1,880 dlrs and at 35 and 45 dlrs
under New York july, Aug/Sept at 1,870, 1,875 and 1,880 dlrs
per tonne FOB.
    Routine sales of butter were made. March/April sold at
4,340, 4,345 and 4,350 dlrs.
    April/May butter went at 2.27 times New York May, June/July
at 4,400 and 4,415 dlrs, Aug/Sept at 4,351 to 4,450 dlrs and at
2.27 and 2.28 times New York Sept and Oct/Dec at 4,480 dlrs and
2.27 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith said.
    Destinations were the U.S., Covertible currency areas,
Uruguay and open ports.
    Cake sales were registered at 785 to 995 dlrs for
March/April, 785 dlrs for May, 753 dlrs for Aug and 0.39 times
New York Dec for Oct/Dec.
    Buyers were the U.S., Argentina, Uruguay and convertible
currency areas.
    Liquor sales were limited with March/April selling at 2,325
and 2,380 dlrs, June/July at 2,375 dlrs and at 1.25 times New
York July, Aug/Sept at 2,400 dlrs and at 1.25 times New York
Sept and Oct/Dec at 1.25 times New York Dec, Comissaria Smith
said.
    Total Bahia sales are currently estimated at 6.13 mln bags
against the 1986/87 crop and 1.06 mln bags against the 1987/88
crop.
    Final figures for the period to February 28 are expected to
be published by the Brazilian Cocoa Trade Commission after
carnival which ends midday on February 27. 
</BODY>

<ID>47</ID>
<BODY>inflation
plan, initially hailed at home and abroad as the saviour of the
economy, is limping towards its first anniversary amid soaring
prices, widespread shortages and a foreign payments crisis.
    Announced last February 28 the plan froze prices, fixed the
value of the new Cruzado currency and ended widespread
indexation of the economy in a bid to halt the country's 250
pct inflation rate.
    But within a year the plan has all but collapsed.
    "The situation now is worse than it was. Although there was
inflation, at least the economy worked," a leading bank
economist said.
    The crumbling of the plan has been accompanied by a
dramatic reversal in the foreign trade account. In 1984 and
1985 Brazil's annual trade surpluses had been sufficient to
cover the 12 billion dlrs needed to service its 109 billion dlr
foreign debt.
    For the first nine months of 1986 all seemed to be on
target for a repeat, with monthly surpluses averaging one
billion dlrs. But as exports were diverted and imports
increased to avoid further domestic shortages the trade surplus
plunged to 211 mln dlrs in October and since then has averaged
under 150 mln. 
</BODY>

<ID>58</ID>
<BODY>Assets of money market mutual funds
increased 720.4 mln dlrs in the week ended yesterday to 236.90
billion dlrs, the Investment Company Institute said.
    Assets of 91 institutional funds rose 356 mln dlrs to 66.19
billion dlrs, 198 general purpose funds rose 212.5 mln dlrs to
62.94 billion dlrs and 92 broker-dealer funds rose 151.9 mln
dlrs to 107.77 billion dlrs. 
</BODY>

<ID>75</ID>
<BODY>International Coffee Organization (ICO)
exporters will modify their new proposal on quota resumption
before presenting it to importers tomorrow, ICO delegates said.
    The change, which will be discussed tonight informally
among producers, follows talks after the formal producer
session with the eight-member producer splinter group and will
affect the proposed quota distribution for 12 months from April
one, they said.
    The proposed share-out would still include shortfall
declarations, they said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>98</ID>
<BODY>Shr profit three cts vs loss three cts
    Net profit 363,000 vs loss 197,000
    Revs 3,761,000 vs 2,666,000
    Year
    Shr profit one cent vs loss 37 cts
    Net profit 129,000 vs loss 1,715,000
    Revs 11.4 mln vs 10.9 mln
    Avg shrs 10,694,081 vs 4,673,253
 
</BODY>

<ID>106</ID>
<BODY>There were seven grain ships loading and
six ships were waiting to load at Portland, according to the
Portland Merchants Exchange.
 
</BODY>

<ID>110</ID>
<BODY>American Express Co remained silent on
market rumors it would spinoff all or part of its Shearson
Lehman Brothers Inc, but some analysts said the company may be
considering such a move because it is unhappy with the market
value of its stock.
    American Express stock got a lift from the rumor, as the
market calculated a partially public Shearson may command a
good market value, thereby boosting the total value of American
Express. The rumor also was accompanied by talk the financial
services firm would split its stock and boost its dividend.
    American Express closed on the New York Stock Exchange at
72-5/8, up 4-1/8 on heavy volume.
    American Express would not comment on the rumors or its
stock activity.
    Analysts said comments by the company at an analysts'
meeting Tuesday helped fuel the rumors as did an announcement
yesterday of management changes.
    At the meeting, company officials said American Express
stock is undervalued and does not fully reflect the performance
of Shearson, according to analysts.
    Yesterday, Shearson said it was elevating its chief
operating officer, Jeffery Lane, to the added position of
president, which had been vacant. It also created four new
positions for chairmen of its operating divisions.
    Analysts speculated a partial spinoff would make most
sense, contrary to one variation on market rumors of a total
spinoff.
    Some analysts, however, disagreed that any spinoff of
Shearson would be good since it is a strong profit center for
American Express, contributing about 20 pct of earnings last
year.
    "I think it is highly unlikely that American Express is
going to sell shearson," said Perrin Long of Lipper Analytical.
He questioned what would be a better investment than "a very
profitable securities firm."
    Several analysts said American Express is not in need of
cash, which might be the only reason to sell a part of a strong
asset.
    But others believe the company could very well of
considered the option of spinning out part of Shearson, and one
rumor suggests selling about 20 pct of it in the market.
    Larry Eckenfelder of Prudential-Bache Securities said he
believes American Express could have considered a partial
spinoff in the past.
    "Shearson being as profitable as it is would have fetched a
big premium in the market place. Shearson's book value is in
the 1.4 mln dlr range. Shearson in the market place would
probably be worth three to 3.5 bilion dlrs in terms of market
capitalization," said Eckenfelder.
    Some analysts said American Express could use capital since
it plans to expand globally.
    "They have enormous internal growth plans that takes
capital. You want your stock to reflect realistic valuations to
enhance your ability to make all kinds of endeavors down the
road," said E.F. Hutton Group analyst Michael Lewis.
    "They've outlined the fact that they're investing heavily
in the future, which goes heavily into the international
arena," said Lewis. "...That does not preclude acquisitions and
divestitures along the way," he said.
    Lewis said if American Express reduced its exposure to the
brokerage business by selling part of shearson, its stock might
better reflect other assets, such as the travel related
services business.
    "It could find its true water mark with a lesser exposure
to brokerage. The value of the other components could command a
higher multiple because they constitute a higher percentage of
the total operating earnings of the company," he said.
     Lewis said Shearson contributed 316 mln in after-tax
operating earnings, up from about 200 mln dlrs in 1985.
   
 
</BODY>

<ID>121</ID>
<BODY>High feed prices will cause the
Chinese to reduce hog herd growth and pork production this
year, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said hog numbers at the start of 1987 were estimated at 331.6
mln head, up slightly from 1986, and 10 mln head above earlier
projections for 1987.
    Pork production in 1986 was up 4.2 pct to 17.25 mln tonnes,
slightly below earlier estimates, it said.
    For 1987, production is projected to fall to 17.05 mln
tonnes.
    Feed prices at the end of January were reported 35 to 40
pct above year-ago levels, the department said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>125</ID>
<BODY>Industrial Equity (Pacific) Ltd, a
Hong Kong investment firm, said it raised its stake in Wrather
Corp to 816,000 shares, or 11.3 pct of the total outstanding
common stock, from 453,300 shares, or 6.3 pct.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Industrial Equity, which is principally owned by Brierley
Investments Ltd, a publicly held New Zealand company, said it
bought 362,700 Wrather common shares between Feb 13 and 24 for
6.6 mln dlrs.
    When it first disclosed its stake in Wrather earlier this
month, it said it bought the stock for investment purposes.
 
</BODY>

<ID>130</ID>
<BODY>Coleco Industries Inc said
it expects to return to profitability in 1987.
    Earlier, Coleco reported a net loss of 111.2 mln dlrs for
the year ended December 31 compared to a profit of 64.2 mln
dlrs in the year earlier.
    In a prepared statement, the company said the dramatic
swing in operating results was due primarily to the steep
decline in sales of Cabbage Patch Kids products from 600 mln
dlrs to 230 mln dlrs.
    Coleco said it changed from a single product company to a
more diversified organization through four major acquisitions
last year.
    Products from the new acquisitions and other new product
introductions are expected to enable it to return to
profitability, it said.
    At the annual Toy Fair earlier this month, vice president
Morton Handel said analysts' 1987 projected earnings of 90 cts
a share on sales of 600 mln dlrs are reasonable.
   
 
</BODY>

<ID>197</ID>
<BODY>U.S. farmers who in the past have
grown oats for their own use but failed to certify to the
government that they had done so probably will be allowed to
continue planting that crop and be eligible for corn program
benefits, an aide to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng said.
    Currently a farmer, to be eligible for corn program
benefits, must restrict his plantings of other program crops to
the acreage base for that crop.
    Several members of Congress from Iowa have complained that
farmers who inadvertantly failed to certify that they had grown
oats for their own use in the past now are being asked to halt
oats production or lose corn program benefits.
    USDA likely will allow historic oats farmers to plant oats
but not extend the exemption to all farmers, Lyng's aide said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>211</ID>
<BODY>Houston Oil Trust said that independent
petroleum engineers completed an annual study that estimates
the trust's future net revenues from total proved reserves at
88 mln dlrs and its discounted present value of the reserves at
64 mln dlrs.
    Based on the estimate, the trust said there may be no money
available for cash distributions to unitholders for the
remainder of the year.
    It said the estimates reflect a decrease of about 44 pct in
net reserve revenues and 39 pct in discounted present value
compared with the study made in 1985.
 
</BODY>

<ID>213</ID>
<BODY>Japan's unadjusted consumer price index
(base 1985) fell 0.4 pct to 99.7 in January from the previous
month, the government's Management and Coodination Agency said.
    The fall compares with a decline of 0.2 pct in December.
    The January index compared with a year earlier was down 1.1
pct, the first drop larger than 1.0 pct since it fell 1.3 pct
in September 1958.
    Food costs rose in January from December but prices fell
for clothing, footwear and utilities, causing the overall
decline for the month.
    Housing, medical and educations costs increased in January
compared with a year earlier but the cost of utilities,
gasoline and vegetables fell.
    The unadjusted consumer price index for the Tokyo area
(base 1985) was down 0.1 pct in mid-February from a month
earlier at 100.2, reflecting lower prices for food, clothing
and footwear. Compared with a year earlier, the index was down
0.7 pct due to lower vegetable, fuel oil and utility costs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>225</ID>
<BODY>Japan is expected to cut the base lending
rate for state financial institutions to 5.5 pct from 6.2 as
part of the recent pact by major industrial nations in Paris,
Finance Ministry sources said.
    They said the cut is based on a revision of the Trust Fund
Bureau Law, which should be approved by parliament on March 3,
abolishing the 6.05 pct minimum interest rate on deposits with
the bureau.
    The bureau channels funds to government financial
institutions for public works and other official uses, they
said.
    The base lending rate for state bodies such as the Japan
Development Bank, People's Finance Corp and the finance
corporations of local public enterprises usually moves in
tandem with long-term prime rates, the sources said.
    However, it was impossible for them to follow the last cut,
to 5.8 pct from 6.2 pct on January 28, because the Trust Fund
Bureau rate was legally set at 6.05 pct.
    The ministry will abolish the minimum rate and introduce a
market-related one to resolve the problem and stimulate the
domestic economy, they said.
    On Tuesday, the ministry allowed long-term bankers to cut
their prime to a record low of 5.5 pct, effective February 28.
The move suggested it had reached agreement with depositors
using the bureau, the postal savings system of the Posts and
Telecommunications Ministry and the Japan welfare annuity of
the Ministry of Health and Welfare, the sources said.
    These ministries are trying to determine which market rates
should be considered when setting the bureau's deposit rate,
the ministry sources said.
    Coupon rates on new 10-year government bonds, minus 0.1
percentage points, is the likeliest choice, they added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>235</ID>
<BODY>Indonesia"s agriculture sector will grow
by just 1.0 pct in calendar 1987, against an estimated 2.4 pct
in 1986 as the production of some commodities stagnates or
declines, the U.S. Embassy said in a report.
    Production of Indonesia's staple food, rice, is forecast to
fall to around 26.3 mln tonnes from an embassy estimate of
26.58 mln tonnes in 1986, according to the annual report on
Indonesia"s agricultural performance.
    The government officially estimates 1986 rice production at
26.7 mln tonnes, with a forecast 27.3 mln tonnes output in
1987.
    The report says wheat imports are likely to fall to 1.5 mln
tonnes in calendar 1987 from 1.69 mln tonnes in 1986 because of
a drawdown on stocks.
    "Growth prospects for agriculture in 1987 do not look
promising as rice production is forecast to decline and the
production of sugarcane, rubber and copra show little or no
gain," the report says.
    "The modest overall increase which is expected will be due
to significant gains in production of corn soybeans, palm oil
and palm kernels."
    Constraints to significant overall increases in
agricultural output include a shortage of disease resistant
seeds, limited fertile land, insect pests and a reluctance by
farmers to shift from rice production to other crops, the
report underlines.
    The fall in rice production is caused by an outbreak of
pests known as "wereng" or brown plant hoppers in 1986 which
largely offset gains in yields.
    The outbreak has forced the government to ban the use of 57
insecticides on rice because it was believed the wereng are now
resistant to these varieties, and to use lower-yielding, more
resistant rice types.
    The government is depending on increased production of
export commodities such as coffee, tea, rubber, plywood and
palm oil to offset revenue losses brought on by falling crude
oil prices.
    Palm oil production is expected to increase by over 7.0 pct
in 1987 to 1.45 mln tonnes from 1.35 mln, with exports rising
to an estimated 720,000 tonnes from 695,000 tonnes in 1986, the
report says.
    But while production of soybeans in 1987/88 (Oct-Sept) will
rise to 1.075 mln tonnes from 980,000 in 1986/87, imports will
also rise to supply a new soybean crushing plant.
    The report says that imports of wheat, soybeans, soybean
meal and cotton are not likely to decline as a result of last
September"s 31 pct devaluation of the rupiah because of a rise
in domestic demand.
    The report said that Indonesia"s overall economic
performance in calendar 1986 was about zero or even a slight
negative growth rate, the lowest rate of growth since the
mid-1960s. It compares with 1.9 pct growth in 1985 and 6.7 pct
in 1984.
    The dramatic fall in oil prices last year was responsible
for the slump.
 
</BODY>

<ID>236</ID>
<BODY>Kuwait"s Oil Minister, in remarks
published today, said there were no plans for an emergency OPEC
meeting to review oil policies after recent weakness in world
oil prices.
    Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah was quoted by the local
daily al-Qabas as saying: "None of the OPEC members has asked
for such a meeting."
    He denied Kuwait was pumping above its quota of 948,000
barrels of crude daily (bpd) set under self-imposed production
limits of the 13-nation organisation.
    Traders and analysts in international oil markets estimate
OPEC is producing up to one mln bpd above a ceiling of 15.8 mln
bpd agreed in Geneva last December.
    They named Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, along with
the much smaller producer Ecuador, among those producing above
quota. Kuwait, they said, was pumping 1.2 mln bpd.
    "This rumour is baseless. It is based on reports which said
Kuwait has the ability to exceed its share. They suppose that
because Kuwait has the ability, it will do so," the minister
said.
    Sheikh Ali has said before that Kuwait had the ability to
produce up to 4.0 mln bpd.
    "If we can sell more than our quota at official prices,
while some countries are suffering difficulties marketing their
share, it means we in Kuwait are unusually clever," he said.
    He was referring apparently to the Gulf state of qatar,
which industry sources said was selling less than 180,000 bpd
of its 285,000 bpd quota, because buyers were resisting
official prices restored by OPEC last month pegged to a marker
of 18 dlrs per barrel.
    Prices in New York last week dropped to their lowest levels
this year and almost three dollars below a three-month high of
19 dollars a barrel.
    Sheikh Ali also delivered "a challenge to any international
oil company that declared Kuwait sold below official prices."
    Because it was charging its official price, of 16.67 dlrs a
barrel, it had lost custom, he said but did not elaborate.
    However, Kuwait had guaranteed markets for its oil because
of its local and international refining facilities and its own
distribution network abroad, he added.
    He reaffirmed that the planned meeting March 7 of OPEC"s
differentials committee has been postponed until the start of
April at the request of certain of the body"s members.
    Ecuador"s deputy energy minister Fernando Santos Alvite said
last Wednesday his debt-burdened country wanted OPEC to assign
a lower official price for its crude, and was to seek this at
talks this month of opec"s pricing committee.
    Referring to pressure by oil companies on OPEC members, in
apparent reference to difficulties faced by Qatar, he said: "We
expected such pressure. It will continue through March and
April." But he expected the situation would later improve.
 
</BODY>

<ID>247</ID>
<BODY>Gulf money markets have grown reasonably
well during the past decade, but bond and stock markets remain
to a large extent fragmented and lag behind, Gulf
International Bank BSC (GIB) said.
    The bank's economist Henry Azzam said in a review of Gulf
capital markets that investors have to relinquish traditional
investment vehicles such as real estate, foreign currency bank
accounts and precious metals.
    "Greater financial sophistication is needed coupled with
more diversified capital market instruments and a change in the
disclosure requirements on company accounts," he said.
    The GIB study reviewed capital markets under three
categories -- money markets, stock and bond markets.
    Azzam said Gulf states had been making greater use of
short-term money market instruments and banks in the region had
floated various euronotes and underwriting facilities.
    "Nevertheless, bond and stock markets remain, to a large
extent, fragmented and lagging behind," he said.
    Most debt in the region is still raised by syndicated loans
and bank facilities and very few companies had made use of
stock or bond issues. Only Kuwait has an official stock
exchange, while other Gulf nations have yet to establish
exchanges.
    But with dwindling financial surpluses in the Gulf,
governments are actively pursuing ways to develop capital
markets and set up domestic stock exchanges, Azzam said.
    He said recession stemming from sliding oil prices had
"clearly had a negative impact on the development of capital
markets in the region."
    In addition, family firms are reluctant to go public,
financial awareness among investors is still lacking and
investment analysis and corporate reporting standards lack
depth. A sharp fall in share prices in the early 1980s prompted
investors to hold on to shares hoping for an eventual recovery.
    Azzam said the absence of proper commercial law in some
Gulf countries and authorities' apparent reluctance to adopt
financial innovations had also hampered capital markets.
    He called for clearly defined laws governing incorporation
of joint stock companies and the flotation of debt instruments.
    Azzam said capital market instruments should be made
available to all citizens and institutions of Gulf Cooperation
Council (GCC) states -- Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, Saudi
Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Some moves had been
taken in this direction, with Bahrain allowing GCC nationals to
own up to 25 pct of locally incorporated companies.
    Azzam said Gulf money markets had received greater depth
from the introduction of treasury bill offerings in Bahrain and
the expansion of securities repurchase regulations in Saudi
Arabia.
    But he added there is "no bond market to speak of" in Saudi
Arabia, Qatar, Oman or the UAE, with the last Saudi riyal
denominated bond issued in 1978.
    While Bahrain plans an official stock exchange and trading
in Saudi Arabia has picked up, establishment of formal
exchanges in Qatar, Oman and the UAE does not appear imminent,
Azzam said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>248</ID>
<BODY>Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer
reiterated the kingdom's commitment to last December's OPEC
accord to boost world oil prices and stabilise the market, the
official Saudi Press Agency SPA said.
    Asked by the agency about the recent fall in free market
oil prices, Nazer said Saudi Arabia "is fully adhering by the
... Accord and it will never sell its oil at prices below the
pronounced prices under any circumstance."
    Nazer, quoted by SPA, said recent pressure on free market
prices "may be because of the end of the (northern hemisphere)
winter season and the glut in the market."
    Saudi Arabia was a main architect of the December accord,
under which OPEC agreed to lower its total output ceiling by
7.25 pct to 15.8 mln barrels per day (bpd) and return to fixed
prices of around 18 dlrs a barrel.
    The agreement followed a year of turmoil on oil markets,
which saw prices slump briefly to under 10 dlrs a barrel in
mid-1986 from about 30 dlrs in late 1985. Free market prices
are currently just over 16 dlrs.
    Nazer was quoted by the SPA as saying Saudi Arabia's
adherence to the accord was shown clearly in the oil market.
    He said contacts among members of OPEC showed they all
wanted to stick to the accord.
    In Jamaica, OPEC President Rilwanu Lukman, who is also
Nigerian Oil Minister, said the group planned to stick with the
pricing agreement.
    "We are aware of the negative forces trying to manipulate
the operations of the market, but we are satisfied that the
fundamentals exist for stable market conditions," he said.
    Kuwait's Oil Minister, Sheikh Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah, said
in remarks published in the emirate's daily Al-Qabas there were
no plans for an emergency OPEC meeting to review prices.
    Traders and analysts in international oil markets estimate
OPEC is producing up to one mln bpd above the 15.8 mln ceiling.
    They named Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, along with
the much smaller producer Ecuador, among those producing above
quota. Sheikh Ali denied that Kuwait was over-producing.
 
</BODY>

<ID>290</ID>
<BODY>Talks on coffee export quotas at the
International Coffee Organization (ICO) special council session
will resume at noon gmt today, following a last minute decision
taken early this morning to extend the meeting 24 hours, ICO
officials said.
    An 18 member contact group will meet at midday to examine
new ideas, and the full council is to convene at 1900gmt, they
said.
    The extension resulted from a last ditch effort by Colombia
to salvage the talks, which by late yesterday looked perilously
close to ending without agreement on quotas, delegates said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>293</ID>
<BODY>India's sugar output to January 31 in
the 1986/87 season (October/September) rose to 3.66 mln tonnes
from 3.46 mln in the same 1985/86 period, the Indian Sugar
Mills Association said.
    Total offtake in the first four months of the current year
was 2.71 mln tonnes (including 241,000 tonnes imported) for
domestic use and 4,000 tonnes for export, against 2.81 mln
tonnes (including 993,000 imported) for domestic use and 3,000
tonnes for export in the corresponding period of 1985/86.
    Factory stocks at end-January were 3.05 mln tonnes (96,000
imported) against 3.13 mln (96,000 imported) a year earlier.
 
</BODY>

<ID>302</ID>
<BODY>Sweden's Wallenberg group fought back
a bid by the London-based Swedish financier Erik Penser to
secure a large stake in Swedish Match, one of the
companies at the core of their business empire.
    A statement issued by the Wallenberg holding companies AB
Investor and Forvaltnings AB Providentia said they had taken
over an option held by Nobel Industrier Sweden AB to acquire 33
pct of the voting rights in Swedish Match.
    Thre Wallenbergs paid Nobel Industrier (NOBL ST), in which
Penser group has a 72 pct stake, about 20 pct over the market
price for the Swedish Match option, the statement said.
    Swedish Match's B shares open to foreign buyers closed at
424 crowns on Friday. The A shares -- with increased voting
rights -- closed at 450 crowns for the restricted and 455 for
the free shares.
    The statement said the deal increased Investor's stake to
49.4 pct of the voting rights and 14.8 pct of the share capital
while Providentia is left holding 34.1 pct of the voting rights
and 14.5 pct of the share capital in Swedish Match.
    The Wallenbergs' stake in Swedish Match had previously
amounted to 52 pct of the voting rights in the company.
    The Swedish Match deal will cost the Wallenbergs about 400
mln crowns, share analysts said, making it one of the most
expensise moves the group has undertaken in the last four years
to defend its far-flung interests from outside predators.
    The Wallenbergs originally sold Nobel Industrier, an arms
and chemicals group, to Penser in 1984 to pay for buying Volvo
(VOLV ST) out of two other key group companies, Atlas Copco
(ASTS ST) and Stora Koppabergs.
    Since then, the Wallenbergs were ousted as the largest
shareholders in SKF by Skanska and
Frederik Lundberg wrested control of Incentive AB from them.
    Lundberg, a Zurich-based Swedish property tycoon, also
managed to acquire a 25 pct stake in another Wallenberg
company, the diary equipment firm Alfa-Laval.
    During 1986, the Wallenbergs have been concentrating on
building up their stake in Investor and Providentia to prevent
any raid on the heart of their business empire.
    But analysts say the Wallenbergs' position in the
electrical engineering firm ASEA is also too small
at 12.6 pct of the voting rights and there has been growing
speculation that the group will be forced to sell off fringe
interests to protect its core activities.
 
</BODY>

<ID>309</ID>
<BODY>Thousands of black
mineworkers roared support for a union proposal to seize
control of South Africa's gold, uranium, platinum and coal
mines if the owners refuse to improve conditions for migrant
black workers.
    About 15,000 miners attended a rally here to endorse moves
proposed by last week's annual meeting of the 200,000 strong
National Union of Mineworkers (NUM).
    They also supported a proposal for a national strike at the
end of this month if the owners refused to begin negotiations.
    Migrant workers from surrounding countries make up more
than half of the labour force in the mines.
    It was not stated how the union would "seize control."
    The miners' leaders also demanded an end to the system of
single sex hostels for migrant workers, to be replaced by
housing schemes so that workers could live with their families.
    The crowd, one of the largest to attend a meeting since
South Africa declared a state of emergency last June, also
shouted approval of a proposal to work closely with
anti-apartheid movements such as the United Democratic Front
(UDF) which claims two mln members. They also shouted their
support for a demand that jailed black nationalist leader
Nelson Mandela be released.
 
</BODY>

<ID>323</ID>
<BODY>State-owned (Taiwan Power co) will boost
its domestic borrowings to further cut its foreign debt in line
with a government policy to trim the island's huge foreign
exchange reserves, a company official said.
    The company's foreign debt, mainly from the Japanese and
U.S. Banks, was cut nearly by half to 66.2 billion taiwan dlrs
equivalent in calendar 1986 from 124.6 billion in 1985, he
said.
    Its domestic borrowings however rose to 105.2 billion
taiwan dlrs from 80.6 billion in the same period, he added.
    Taiwan's foreign exchange reserves now stood at 50 billion
U.S. Dlrs, due to its 1986 record trade surplus of 15.6
billion.
 
</BODY>

<ID>331</ID>
<BODY>Exco International, a subsidiary of
British and Commonwealth Shipping Co, said it had
agreed in principle to buy an 80 pct stake in RMJ Holdings
Corp for about 79 mln dlrs.
    Exco Chairman Richard Lacy told s the acquisition was
being made from Bank of New York Co Inc (BK.N), which currently
holds a 50.1 pct, and from RMJ partners who hold the remainder.
    Bank of New York and the partners will retain about 10 pct
each and these stakes will be bought over the next six years.
    RMJ is the holding company of RMJ Securities, one of the
largest U.S. Government securities brokers.
    It is also involved in broking notes, obligations and other
instruments sponsored by U.S. Federal agencies.
    Lacy said Exco had been considering buying a U.S.
Government securities broker for the past four years and had
made an offer for RMJ when it was sold by Security Pacific Corp
in 1985. RMJ was then valued at about 50 mln dlrs.
    B and C managing director Peter Goldie said RMJ would be
bought at about the same multiple as Exco, suggesting net
income of around 16 mln dlrs.
    The company's earnings had not been hit by the halving of
brokerage fees some 14 months ago as volumes had since doubled.
    Lacy said that RMJ employed some 300 people, with 200 in
the brokerage business and about 70 in its SMS unit, which
provided computer software for the financial services
community.
    RMJ Securities had offices in New York, where total market
turnover of U.S. Government securities was 110 billion dlrs a
day, and in London where it has 15 billion.
    It was also given permission last week to open an office in
Tokyo where total market turnover had lifted rapidly to about
five billion dlrs a day.
    The acquisition would contribute between five and 10 pct of
B and C's share earnings in 1987 on a proforma basis.
 
</BODY>

<ID>336</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England said it revised its
forecast of the shortage in the money market down to around 700
mln stg from its original estimate of 800 mln.
 
</BODY>

<ID>345</ID>
<BODY>Carlton Communications (Plc) has started
the current financial year well, with accounts for the first
four months showing a healthy increase on the same period last
year, and Chairman M.P. Green told the annual meeting he looked
forward to 1987 with optimism.
    The issue of 4.6 mln shares in ADR form had now been
successfully completed, he added.
    Carlton intended to increase its presence in the U.S. Which
represented 50 pct of the world television market. Conditions
worldwide in the television industry continued to look buoyant,
the Chairman noted.
 
</BODY>

<ID>356</ID>
<BODY>Hutchison Whampoa Ltd HWHH.HK>
expects satisfactory profits in 1987 and will pay a higher
dividend for the year, chairman Li Ka-shing said.
    He did not make any specific projections for the company's
earnings this year but he said the firm will pay a dividend of
not less than 32.5 cents per share after a proposed
four-for-one stock split and a one-for-four bonus issue.
    It paid total dividends of 1.30 dlrs per share last year,
equal to 26 cents per share, adjusting for the bonus and share
split.
    Hutchison, which has operations ranging from trading to
property and container terminals, earlier reported after-tax
profits of 1.62 billion dlrs against 1.19 billion dlrs in 1985.
    The 1986 total excluded extraordinary gains of 563 mln
dlrs, partly from the sale of some of its stake in the South
China Morning Post, the leading English language newspaper,
compared with 369 mln dlrs the previous year. It said it
expects another 277 mln dlr gain in 1987 from the sale of the
remaining shares.
    Li said Hong Kong's property market remains strong while
its economy is performing better than forecast with its largely
export-led growth.
    Gross domestic product grew by nearly nine pct last year
against an initial government projection of 4.5 pct.
    But he said Hong Kong's large trade deficit with the U.S.
May result in protectionist measures that will adversely affect
the British colony.
    He said all of the company's major operations showed
improved results in 1986.
    Hutchison said earlier it will sell its entire 23.5 pct
interest in Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd (HKEH.HK) to
Cavendish International Holdings, itself a spin-off from
Hongkong Electric.
    Under a reorganisation announced separately, Hongkong
Electric will spin off all its non-electricity related
activities into Cavendish, which will be listed on the local
stock exchange. Hongkong Electric shareholders will receive one
share in Cavendish for every Hongkong Electric share.
    Cavendish will buy the 348.2 mln Hongkong Electric shares
from Hutchison by issuing 975 mln new shares.
    The spin-off and the sale of Hongkong Electric shares will
give Hutchison a 53 pct stake in Cavendish.
    Li said the decision to spin-off Cavendish is to relieve
Hongkong Electric of public criticism of the power company for
making risky investments. But he denied there was pressure from
the government for the spin-off.
    He said Cavendish will have seven billion dlrs of assets
and will be almost debt free, with 340 mln dlrs of liabilites.
Its major assets are the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel, property
development, and interests in Husky Oil Ltd (HYO.TO) of Canada
and Pearson (PSON.L) of Britain.
 
</BODY>

<ID>371</ID>
<BODY>Dale Burdett Inc said it
faces damages claims totalling about 420,000 dlrs from the
former owners of Burdett Publications Inc.
    The company said on February 20, 1986, its predecessor
Nolex Development Inc acquired Burdett Publications Inc in an
exchange of 17 mln common shares for all Burdett Publications
shares, but the transaction was not qualified with the
California Department of Corporations.
    As a result, it said, the former Burdett Publications
owners have a claim for damages against Dale Burdett as
successor to Nolex for one yuear starting January 21, 1987,
with the damages measured by the difference in values of shares
exchanged plus interest from February 20, 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>377</ID>
<BODY>Alcan Aluminiumwerke
a subsidiary of Alcan Aluminium Ltd of Canada,
said it plans to close its aluminium smelter in Ludwigshafen at
the end of June.
    A spokesman said Alcan was closing the smelter, with annual
capacity of 44,000 tonnes and 320 employees, because of high
electricity costs and the low world market price of aluminium.
    Alkan had said earlier this year it would close half the
plant's capacity but decided to shut down completely when talks
with potential cooperation partners failed, the spokesman said.
He declined to name the other companies involved in the talks.
 
</BODY>

<ID>378</ID>
<BODY>Parent Company net profit 12.8 mln Swiss francs vs 7.5 mln.
    Orders received 2.21 billion francs vs 2.61 billion.
    Sales 2.25 billion francs vs 2.49 billion.
    Group sales 13.83 billion francs vs 13.88 billion.
    Group orders 11.03 billion francs vs 13.00 billion.
 REUTE
</BODY>

<ID>390</ID>
<BODY>Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd CKGH.HK>
is expecting strong results this year after reporting better
than expected profits in 1986, chairman Li Ka-shing said.
    He did not give a specific earnings projection but he told
reporters the firm will pay total dividends of not less than 19
cents a share this year after a one-for-four bonus issue and a
four-for-one stock split.
    The company earlier declared total dividends equal to 15
cents a share for 1986, adjusting for the stock split and bonus
issue.
    Cheung Kong's earnings rose to 1.28 billion H.K. Dlrs in
1986, well above market expectations of 920 mln to one billion
dlrs. They compared with profits of 551.7 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Cheung Kong also reported extraordinary gains of 983.6 mln
dlrs mainly from the firm's sale of the Hong Kong Hilton Hotel
to Hongkong Electric Holdings Ltd for one billion
dlrs. It had gains of 81.3 mln dlrs in 1985.
    Li attributed the surge in 1986 earnings to a buoyant local
property market and substantial increases in contributions from
associated companies.
    "Looking ahead, 1987 should be another year of stability for
the property market," Li said. "The growth in (Hong Kong's)
exports is expected to stimulate the demand for industrial
buildings."
    Cheung Kong is cash rich and is looking for new projects in
the British colony, Li said, noting the firm is interested in a
land reclamation project along the Hong Kong harbour and is
exchanging views with the government on a proposal to build a
second airport.
 
</BODY>

<ID>401</ID>
<BODY>Miller Tabak Hirsch and Co said it
has received an accepted 3,424,729 common shares of Penn
Traffic Co in response to its 31.60 dlr per share tender offer
that expired Friday, and together with the 380,728 shares it
already owned, it now has about 91.8 pct of Penn Traffic.
    The company said Penn Traffic is expected to hold a special
shareholders' meeting later this month to approve a merger into
Miller Tabak at the tender price.
    It said two Miller Tabak representatives will be named to
the Penn Traffic board on March Four to serve as the only
directors with Penn Traffic president and chief executive
officer Guido Malacarne.
    The company said it received financing for the transaction
from First National Bank of Minneapolis and Salomon Inc.
 
</BODY>

<ID>408</ID>
<BODY>Pittston Co said it has
tentatively agreed to acquire WTC International N.V. in a
tax-free exchange of stock.
    Pittston said it agreed to exchange 0.523 common share for
each of the about 8,612,000 WTC common shares outstanding.
    Pittston said WTC's three principal shareholders, who own
62 pct of its stock, are parties to this agreement. They have
granted Pittston the right of first refusal to their shares.
    WTC has granted Pittston an option to buy WTC shares equal
to 18.5 poct of its outstanding stock. The agreement is subject
to approval of both boards and WTC shareholders.
    Pittston said described WTC as a fast growing air freight
forwarding company with operations throughout the world. Its
revenues totaled nearly 200 mln dlrs in the year ended November
30 and for the quarter ended on that date it earned 1.3 mln
dlrs on revenues of 55.8 mln dlrs.
    Pittston said its Burlington Air Express subsidiary
generates about two-thirds of its 450 mln dlrs in annual
revenes with its domestic air freight services.
 
</BODY>

<ID>420</ID>
<BODY>Oper shr 17 cts vs 25 cts
    Qtly div 15 cts vs 15 cts prior
    Oper net 1,522,000 vs 3,501,000
    Sales 98.0 mln vs 86.3 mln
    NOTE: Prior year net excludes loss from discontinued
operations of 1,817,000 dlrs.
    Company said common shares outstanding down significantly
to 7,814,000, reflecting retirement of about 5,200,000 shares
since start of restructurining in August 1986.
    Dividend pay April 30, record April 16.
 
</BODY>

<ID>436</ID>
<BODY>The Japan Fund Inc said it has received
an unsolicited offer from Sterling Grace Capital Management, 
acting together with certain other persons and entities,
to purchase all the assets of the fund at five pct below its
aggregate net asset value.
    The Japan Find said tne deal is subject to obtaining
satisfactory financing and a due diligence review.
    It added that the proposal has been referred to its Board
of Directors for consideration.
 
</BODY>

<ID>486</ID>
<BODY>Talks due today between management and
unions to try to end the strike at Cargill U.K. Ltd's Seaforth
oilseed crushing plant have been rescheduled for Thursday, a
company spokesman said.
    Oilseed processing at the plant has been halted since
December 19 when mill workers walked out in protest at new
contract manning levels.
 
</BODY>

<ID>494</ID>
<BODY>Shr 1.65 dlrs vs 1.50 dlrs
    Net 5,370,000 vs 4,901,000
    Rev 8.4 mln vs 7.8 mln
    NOTE: 1986 net gain from property investments 717,000 dlrs,
or 22 cts per share, vs 721,000 dlrs, or 22 cts per share.
 
</BODY>

<ID>501</ID>
<BODY>French operators last Friday requested
licences to export 10,500 tonnes of free market maize, 11,950
tonnes of free market barley and 13,000 of soft wheat flour to
non-EC countries, at prefixed daily (droit commun) rebates,
French trade sources said.
    The latest requests for the maize were for export to
Switzerland, Austria and Lichtenstein at a maximum daily rebate
prefixed last Friday at 141 Ecus a tonne against a previous 20
Ecu daily rebate.
    The special daily rebate for maize was set in the context
of a Commission commitment to grant this season rebates for the
export of 500,000 tonnes of French maize to non-EC countries,
in compensation for concessions to the U.S. in the recent
dispute over grain sales to Spain.
    If the latest French requests are accepted as expected,
this will bring the total of French maize exported in this
context to 25,500 tonnes.
    The Commission last Thursday granted weekly rebates for the
sale of 15,000 tonnes of free market maize to non-EC countries.
    Requests for barley were for export to Switzerland, Austria
and Lichtenstein, Ceuta and Melilla at an unchanged pre-fixed
restitution of 125 Ecus a tonne, while requests for soft wheat
flour were for export to various non-EC countries at an
unchanged 178 Ecus a tonne.
 
</BODY>

<ID>509</ID>
<BODY>Mthly div 3.6 cts vs 3.6 cts prior
    Pay March 13
    Record March Two
 
</BODY>

<ID>516</ID>
<BODY>The Canadian government is expected
to announce later this week its final ruling whether U.S. corn
exports to Canada have injured Ontario corn growers, U.S.
government and farm group representatives said.
    The deadline for a final determination is March 7.
    U.S. officials said they are encouraged by the outcome in a
similar case covering European pasta imports. In that case,
Canada decided pasta imports, which take about ten pct of the
Canadian market, did not injure domestic producers. U.S. corn
exports represent only about five pct of the Canadian market.
    Canada slapped a 1.05 dlrs per bushel duty on U.S. corn
imports in November 1986, but reduced the duty to 85 cts last
month because the Canadian government said U.S. subsidies to 
corn producers were less than Canada earlier estimated.
 
</BODY>

<ID>522</ID>
<BODY>The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
Government securities market to arrange 1.5 billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements, a Fed spokesman said.
    Dealers said Federal funds were trading at 6-3/16 pct when
the Fed began its temporary and indirect supply of reserves to
the banking system.
 
</BODY>

<ID>525</ID>
<BODY>European Community steelmakers
presented the Executive Commission with a controversial plan
for the future of the industry which diplomats say it may be
forced reluctantly to accept.
    Under the plan steel output would remain subject to
restrictive quotas and imports would be firmly controlled for
years to come while steel firms undertook a massive
slimming-down operation to adjust capacity to lower demand.
    Industry Commissioner Karl-Heinz Narjes has proposed the
ending of the quota system by December 1988.
    He has proposed a return to the free market, which under EC
law is supposed to exist except in times of "manifest crisis."
    But diplomats said some ministers who meet to discuss this
idea on March 19 will argue that steel firms are in crisis in
their countries, with orders falling as customers switch to
alternative products and accounts firmly in the red.
    Ministers from the EC's major steel producing countries are
likely to shy away from Narjes' proposals and could back the
industry's own plan instead, in the hope of minimising the
political impact of plant closures, they said.
    Industry sources said the plan presented to Narjes by the
EC steelmakers' lobby group Eurofer would retain the quota
production system at least until the end of 1990.
    Eurofer said in a statement consultants working for it
identified scope for closing plants on a "voluntary" basis to
reduce capacity by 15.26 mln tonnes a year.
    Cuts were still insufficient in one production area, that
of hot rolled coils, and further talks were needed.
    Eurofer added the industry would need the support of the
Commission and governments in carrying out a closure program,
particularly with social costs such as redundancy payments.
    The EC steel industry has already shed 240,000 jobs this
decade while reducing annual capacity by 31 mln tonnes.
 
</BODY>

<ID>531</ID>
<BODY>Qtly div 10 cts vs 8-1/3 cts prior
    Pay April 21
    Record March 20
    NOTE: Interchange Financial Services Corp.
 
</BODY>

<ID>543</ID>
<BODY>Unocal Corp's Union Oil Co said it
lowered its posted prices for crude oil one to 1.50 dlrs a
barrel in the eastern region of the U.S., effective Feb 26.
    Union said a 1.50 dlrs cut brings its posted price for the
U.S. benchmark grade, West Texas Intermediate, to 16 dlrs.
Louisiana Sweet also was lowered 1.50 dlrs to 16.35 dlrs, the
company said.
    No changes were made in Union's posted prices for West
Coast grades of crude oil, the company said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>547</ID>
<BODY>Banner Industries Inc said 19.8 mln of
the outstanding 20 mln shares in Rexnord Inc were tendered
pursuant to its 26.25 dlr a share offer that closed at midnight
EST Feb 27.
    Together with the five mln Rexnard shares it already owns,
the company said it now holds a 97 pct stake in the company.
    It said the completion of the deal is subject to approval
by Rexnard holders and to other closing conditions. It expects
the deal to close in about 60 days.
 
</BODY>

<ID>548</ID>
<BODY>Qtly div 36 cts vs 36 cts prior
    Pay April one
    Record March 13
 
</BODY>

<ID>551</ID>
<BODY>OSR Corp said it has agreed
to acquire the properties and assets of Telcom International
Group for 10.5 mln common shares, which would give former
Telcom owners an 84 pct interest in the combined company.
    Telcom is an international film and television distributor.
 The assets being acquired consist mostly of distribution
rights to films valued at over one mln dlrs, the company said.
    OSR said as part of the acquisition agreement is is
required to sell its 80 pct interest in Standard Knickerbocker
Ltd, which makes jeans in Canada.
    OSR said it expects to net about 150,000 dlrs on the sale
of Standard Knickerbocker.
    The company said both transactions are subject to approval
by shareholders at a meeting to be held in April or May, it
said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>684</ID>
<BODY>Cuba has told international sugar
operators who have bought its sugar for shipment in March that
these contracts will take second place to Cuba's direct
shipments to its export markets, dealers here said.
    Some traders who have received telexes from Cuba said the
language of the message was not totally clear and some believed
shipments would be honoured if the traders declare the Soviet
Union as the destination of their contracts.
    The telexes have fueled rising world prices in the last
week and reflect a poor Cuban crop, worry over Brazil's export
availability, and increasing Soviet demand, analysts said.
    Traders said signs of Cuba's shortage of immediately
available raw sugar to supply its traditional martkets was
probably the factor behind Syria calling a snap buying tender
last month.
    Normally Syria calls white sugar buying tenders for forward
delivery, and last month's spot requirement resulted in the
sale of several cargoes.
    Cuba in its telex told operators they would not receive
March shipments as Cuba has to meet its contracts to export
markets, traders said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>703</ID>
<BODY>Convergent Technologies Inc
said it has reached an agreement in principle to buy Oakleaf
Corp, which supplies finance, insurance and leasing computers
to auto dealers.
    The transaction will involve an exchange of Oakleaf stock
for cash and debt and is subject to a definitive agreement, the
companys said. No other terms were disclosed.
    Oakleaf had 1986 sales of about 26 mln dlrs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>706</ID>
<BODY>Rospatch Corp said it will
have a news release later in response to today's acquisition
bid by Diagnostic Retrieval Systems Inc for 22 dlrs a share.
    Rospatch earlier requested its stock be halted in over the
counter trading, last trade 24-1/8.
    Diagnostic said its bid was for a total 53 mln dlrs through
a cash tender offer for all, but not less than 51 pct of
Rosptach outstanding common.
    For its fourth-quarter ended December 31, 1986, Rospatch
reported net loss 2,649,000 or 1.10 dlrs a share compared a
loss of 627,500 or 35 cts profit for the 1985 period.
    In December the Brookehill Group in New York said it had
9.7 pct stake. J.A. Parini, Rospatch chief executive, responded
on January eight by saying the investment was a vote in
confidence in the company.
 
</BODY>

<ID>708</ID>
<BODY>Argentine crude oil production was
down 10.8 pct in January 1987 to 12.32 mln barrels, from 13.81
mln barrels in January 1986, Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales
said.
    January 1987 natural gas output totalled 1.15 billion cubic
metrers, 3.6 pct higher than 1.11 billion cubic metres produced
in January 1986, Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>730</ID>
<BODY>Imperial Chemical Industries PLC, the
largest chemical company in the United Kingdom, will expand its
specialty chemicals and drug businesses this year, and better
its 1986 results, said chairman-elect Denys Henderson.
    "We expect to shift our company toward higher value-added
businesses and continue to broaden our base," Henderson told
reporters at an informal meeting here.
    ICI today announced the formation of a new U.S.
drug company, ICI Pharma, which, with its Stuart
Pharmaceuticals unit, it said will double its current
pharmaceutical sales to 1.1 billion dlrs by 1990.
    Henderson said, "Our pharmaceutical business gets lost in
the way that Glaxo's (Glaxo Holdings PLC) does not."
    ICI's pharmaceutical division is the second largest drug
maker behind Glaxo in the U.K. Last year U.S. drug sales were
about 40 pct of its worldwide drug sales of 1.5 billion dlrs,
which in turn brought in 27 pct of its total profits.
    He estimated that by 1990, ICI's pharmaceutical division
would account for about 30 pct of total company profits.
    "The drug division far and away brings in the highest rate
of return," said A.W. Clements, finance director of ICI, who
was also at the meeting.
    Henderson said the new U.S. drug concern would basically
act as a second sales force to double the exposure of its drugs
to doctors. ICI will hire 145 new salespeople by October one.
    Henderson said the major new products in the company's
pipeline, expected to each bring in sales of over 200 mln dlrs
annually, were Statil, a treatment for diabetic complications,
Zoladex, a treatment for advanced prostate cancer, and Carwin,
a treatment for mild to moderate congestive heart failure.
    Henderson said U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval
to market Statil and Zoladex, both under joint licensing
agreements with Merck and Co Inc, is not expected until
about 1989. ICI expects to file for permission to market Carwin
in the U.S. later this year.
    Henderson said the company's 1987 results would top 1986
income of 888 mln dlrs or 5.45 dlrs per ADR on sales of 15
billion dlrs, but he declined to specify by how much.
    Henderson said 1987's results would be boosted by Glidden
Paints, which ICI bought last November for 580 mln dlrs from a
unit of Hanson Industries Inc.
    Henderson also said that ICI has about nine billion dlrs
available for acquisitions. Last year the company made 40
acquisitions, the largest being Glidden. He said that more
acquisitions may be made this year but he ruled out an
acquisition of a pharmaceutical concern as "too expensive."
    Henderson said that in his new role of chairman, effective
April one when he takes over from Sir John Harvey-Jones who
will retire, the biggest challenge ahead lay in continuing the
earnings momentum ICI has established over the past few years
after restructuring and selling off unprofitable businesses.
   
 
</BODY>

<ID>735</ID>
<BODY>International Minerals and
Chemical Corp said it completed its acquisition of Johnson and
Johnson Co's Pitman-Moore unit, a producer of animal health
products.
    Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. International
Minerals and Chemical said annual sales of the unit are about
45 mln dlrs.
    Pitman-Moore makes health products for pets and for farm
and feedstock animals.
 
</BODY>

<ID>743</ID>
<BODY>Gelco Corp said that,
excluding the effects of a restructuring plan, it expects
pre-tax operating earnings for the year to end July 31, 1987,
to be about the same as those of last year.
    For the year ended July 31, 1986, Gelco reported pre-tax
operating earnings of 14.8 mln dlrs, or 1.08 dlrs a share.
    However, final results will be affected by certain charges
including legal and investment advisors fees, preferred stock
dividends and other costs of restructuring, it said.
    Expenses associated with restructuring are expected to be
offset by "significant" gains from the sale of some of Gelco's
business units, it said.
    The final outcome for the fiscal year will be determined by
the timing and proceeds from the sale, it added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>764</ID>
<BODY>Scott's Hospitality Inc said it
acquired Capital Food Services Ltd, Ottawa's largest catering
and food service company, for undisclosed terms.
    Scott's said it would operate Capital Food as a separate
unit under Capital's current name and management.
 
</BODY>

<ID>800</ID>
<BODY>Refined copper stocks held by
refineries outside the U.S. increased to a preliminary 277,500
short tons at the end of December from a preliminary 270,000
short tons (revised higher) at the end of November, the
American Bureau of Metal Statistics said.
    London Metal Exchange stocks fell to 193,100 tons in
December from 194,400 tons in November. Combined refinery and
LME stocks rose to a preliminary 470,600 tons from 464,400 tons
(revised higher). January LME stocks were 193,400 tons.
    Preliminary figures showed refined production outside U.S.
lower at 377,300 tons in December versus 384,000 tons in
November. Crude output decreased to 421,500 tons from 427,000
tons (revised higher). Refined copper deliveries decreased to
359,800 tons from 375,400 tons (revised lower).
 
</BODY>

<ID>829</ID>
<BODY>The New York Mercantile Exchange expects
to submit a propane futures contract for federal regulatory
approval within a few days, according to an exchange
spokeswoman.
    As previously announced, the Board of Governors of the
exchange approved the contract last month. The exchange will
now submit the contract to the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, according to the spokeswoman.
    Contract specifications will resemble those of heating oil
and gasoline futures. The contract size will be 1,000 barrels,
or 42,000 U.S. gallons.
    The minimum price fluctuation for the propane futures
contract will be  0.01 cent per gallon, or 4.20 dlrs a barrel,
according to the exchange.
    The maximum daily price limit will be two cts a gallon on
all contracts except spot. Trading will terminate on the last
business day of the month preceding the delivery month.
    The exchange said delivery will be F.O.B from the seller's
pipeline, storage, or fractionation facility in Mont Belvieu,
Texas, which has a direct pipeline access to the Texas Eastern
Transmission Pipeline (TET) in Mont Beliview.
    Delivery method will be by in-line or in-well transfer,
inter-facility transfer or pumpover, or book transfer and
cannot be done earlier than the tenth calendar day of the
delivery month, according to the exchange. Deliveries must be
completed no later than two business days prior to the end of
the delivery month.
    Buyers taking delivery of the propane must pay the seller
by certified check and the deadline for payment is 1200 EST
(noon) of the second business day following receipt of the
propane.
 
</BODY>

<ID>836</ID>
<BODY>Leucadia National Corp said two of
its subsidiaries have acquired a 7.2 pct stake in Minstar Inc,
a corporation controlled by corporate raider Irwin Jacobs and
used by him in his forays to acquire stock in companies.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Leucadia said its LNC Investments Inc, a Newark, Del.,
investment firm, and Charter National Life Insurance Co, a St.
Louis joint stock life insurance company, bought their combined
1,261,000 Minstar common shares for investment purposes only.
    The Leucadia subsidiaries had held an 11.0 pct stake in
Minstar, but cut to 1.8 pct, or 313,200 shares, last July.
    Since July, Leucadia said its companies have bought 947,800
Minstar common shares for a total of 24.7 mln dlrs.
    Leucadia said it bought the Minstar stake to obtain an
equity position in the company and has no intention of seeking
control of it.
    Nearly half of Leucadia's common stock is owned by TLC
Associates, a Salt Lake City, Utah, general partnership, whose
partners include the chairman and president of Leucadia and
other investors.
 
</BODY>

<ID>850</ID>
<BODY>(Groupe Cantrex Inc) said it plans to
merge a new wholly-owned subsidiary a merger agreement with
(CAP Appliance Purchasers Inc), of Woodstock, Ontario, a group
of about 400 appliance and electronics retailers.
    It said CAP shareholders will receive 140,700 first
preferred Groupe Cantrex shares entitling the holders to
receive 6.05 dlrs per share or the equivilant in class A
subordinate voting Cantrex shares.
    The merger is effective April one and is subject to
shareholder approval.         
 
</BODY>

<ID>851</ID>
<BODY>Two affiliated investment firms and
the investment funds they control said they raised their
combined stake in LDBrinkman Corp to 653,600 shares, or 10.9
pct of the total outstanding from 585,600 shares, or 9.7 pct.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
Fidelity International Ltd, a Bermuda-based firm, said its
funds bought 68,000 LDBrinkman common shares between Jan 5 and
Feb 19 at prices ranging from 5.30 to 5.445 dlrs a share.
    Funds controlled by FMR Corp, a Boston-based investment
firm affiliated with Fidelity, hold 251,100 shares, bringing
the combined total to 653,600 shares, Fidelity said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>856</ID>
<BODY>Grain trade representatives continued
to speculate that the Reagan administration will offer
subsidized wheat to the Soviet Union, while U.S. Agriculture
Department officials said there was no substance to the
reports.
    "It's pure fiction," said one senior official at USDA's
Foreign Agricultural Service, referring to the rumor that the
administration would make an export enhancement offer to Moscow
in the next two to three weeks.
    An aide to Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng who asked not
to be identified said there was nothing to substantiate the
speculation, which he said was started by "somebody fanning the
(wheat) market." Wheat futures strengthened today, partly on the
basis of the speculation.
    One lobbyist with close connections to the Reagan
administration said a Soviet trade team told private grain
trade officials in New York last week that Moscow would buy as
much as four mln tonnes of U.S. wheat, much of it before
mid-year, if it was "competitively priced."
    Alexander Ivlev, an official with Amtorg, a Soviet trading
organization, told s he had no information to
substantiate the rumors of an imminent wheat subsidy offer, but
said that Moscow "would consider" buying U.S. wheat if it was
competitively priced.
    "We don't care if it is EEP, what we (the Soviets) are
looking for is competitive prices," Ivlev said. "If they (the
administration) are interested in selling it (wheat), they
should find ways to do it."
 
</BODY>

<ID>867</ID>
<BODY>Japan's seasonally adjusted unemployment
rate rose to a record 3.0 pct in January, the worst since the
Government started compiling unemployment statistics under its
current system in 1953, up from the previous record 2.9 pct in
December, the government's Management and Coordination Agency
said.
    Unemployment was up from 2.8 pct a year earlier.
    Unadjusted January unemployment totalled 1.82 mln people,
up from 1.61 mln in December and 1.65 mln a year earlier.
    Male unemployment in January remained at 2.9 pct, equal to
the second-worst level set last December. Record male
unemployement of 3.1 pct was set in July 1986.
    Female unemployment in January remained at 3.0 pct, equal
to the record level marked in April, August, September and
December last year.
    January's record 3.0 pct unemployment rate mainly stemmed
from loss of jobs in manufacturing industries, particularly in
export-related firms, due to the yen's continuing appreciation
against the dollar, officials said.
    Employment in manufacturing industries fell 380,000 from a
year earlier to 14.30 mln including 1.83 mln employed in the
textile industry, down 190,000 from a year earlier, and 1.06
mln in transport industries such as carmakers and shipbuilders,
down 170,000.
 
</BODY>

<ID>884</ID>
<BODY>The Malaysian government said it
has re-imposed export duties on rubber at 3/8 cent per kilo
after the gazetted price moved above the threshold price of 210
cents per kilo.
    The gazetted price, effective March 1, rose to 213-1/2
cents per kilo from February's 207.
    The duty for research remains at 3.85 cents per kilo and
the replanting duty is also unchanged at 9.92 cents.
 
</BODY>

<ID>890</ID>
<BODY>South Korea's customs-cleared trade
surplus narrowed to 110 mln dlrs in February from 525 mln in
January, provisional trade ministry figures show.
    In February 1986 there was a deficit of 264 mln dlrs.
    February exports rose to 2.87 billion dlrs, fob, from 2.83
billion in January and 2.30 billion in February 1986. CIF
imports were 2.76 billion against 2.31 billion in January and
2.57 billion in February last year.
 
</BODY>

<ID>897</ID>
<BODY>Sweden had a 1986 current balance of
payments surplus of 7.6 billion crowns compared with a deficit
of 10.1 billion the preceding year, according to preliminary
figures from the central bank.
    The December current account had a 100 mln crowns deficit
against a yearago 200 mln deficit.December trade balance was
2.3 billion surplus against yearago two billion.
    The trade balance showed a 1986 surplus of 33.2 billion
crowns compared with a 15.8 billion surplus in 1985, the bank
said .
 
</BODY>

<ID>903</ID>
<BODY>The Philippines must devalue the peso if
it wants its exports to remain competitive, Economic Planning
Secretary Solita Monsod told s.
    "The peso/dollar rate has to be undercut to make our exports
more competitive," Monsod said an interview. "No question about
it. I'm saying you cannot argue with success. Taiwan, South
Korea, West Germany, Japan, all those miracle economies
deliberately undervalued their currencies."
    The peso has been free-floating since June 1984. It is
currently at about 20.50 to the U.S. Dollar.
    Finance Secretary Jaime Ongpin has said the government does
not intend to devalue the peso and wants it to be flexible and
able to continue to respond to market conditions.
    Monsod said Ongpin was looking at the exchange rate from
the point of view of finance. "If the dollar rate goes higher,
our debt service in terms of pesos gets higher, so the
financing is very difficult," she said. "But I am looking at it
in terms of the economy."
    She said she was not trying to oppose official policy.
    "I'm just saying, keep it competitive. I do not want it to
become uncompetitive because then we are dead."
    Monsod said, "The ideal movement in the peso/dollar rate is
a movement that will reflect differences in inflation (rates)
of the Philippines versus the other country. It's an arithmetic
thing."
    Official figures show Philippine inflation averaged 0.8 pct
in calendar 1986. Ongpin told reporters on Saturday it was
expected to touch five pct this year.
    He said the government and the International Monetary Fund
had set the peso/dollar 1987 target rate at 20.80.
    The peso lost 22.2 pct in value to slump to 18.002 to the
dollar when it was floated in 1984.
 
</BODY>

<ID>918</ID>
<BODY>Mexican state oil firm Petroleos Mexicanos
(Pemex) signed for a 500 mln dlr&#127;untied loan from the
Export-Import Bank of Japan to finance its Pacific Petroleum
Project, Pemex Japan representative Tito Ayal said.
    No further details on the loan were immediately available.
    Ayala told an oil seminar the project, due for completion
in 1988, is aimed at improving distribution of oil products in
the domestic market, mainly along the Pacific coast.
    The project consists of a pipeline linking Nueva Teapa on
the Gulf of Mexico with Salina Cruz on the Pacific Coast, and
construction of the second phase of the Salina Cruz refinery.
    The project also includes construction of liquified
petroleum gas (LPG) storage tanks at Santa Cruz, additional
crude oil storage at both ends of the pipeline, an ammonia
complex at Lazaro Cardenas on the Pacific Coast and expansion
of the infrastructure of the port of Salina Cruz, Ayala said.
    Pemex will buy 80 mln dlrs worth of foreign equipment and
materials for the project, he said. The new pipeline will
enable Japan to load Mexico's Maya crude oil at Salina Cruz
rather than in the Gulf of Mexico. Pemex will also have some
LPG surplus available in Salina Cruz that may help Japan
diversify its supply sources of that product, he added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>922</ID>
<BODY>CRA Ltd  said it expected to
pay a final 1986 dividend of not less than 10 cents a share
after July 1, making 13 cents for&#127;the year against 15 in 1985.
    The mining and smelting group earlier reported 1986 net
earnings rose to 138.2 mln dlrs from 87.8 mln in 1985, against
analysts' forecasts yesterday of 125 mln to&#127;160 mln.
    CRA said it was deferring consideration of a dividend until
later this year to provide the benefit of dividend imputation
to its shareholders. After July 1, dividends will be tax-free
to shareholders provided they come out of earnings on which the
full 49 pct company tax rate has been paid.
    The company operates on a substituted tax year, not the
fiscal year ending June 30, and as a result has incurred tax at
the 49 pct rate on 1986 earnings, CRA said in a statement.
    Consequently, it has funds available for distribution with
dividend imputed but is waiting to see the imputation
legislation before determining the final payout, it said.
    Despite the higher net earnings, CRA said 1986 was a poor
year for the minerals industry, with the notable exception of
gold producers.
    Prices for major metals expressed in real U.S. Dollars
declined to the lowest levels in about 50 years, it said.
    Fluctuating exchange and interest rates added volatility
and uncertainty, while the revaluation of the yen is leading to
substantial restructuring of Japanese industry, CRA said.
    World demand for metals is growing slowly. Inventories have
steadily declined, with supply and demand in better balance,
but overcapacity continues, CRA said.
    Turning to contributions to its earnings, CRA said
Bougainville Copper Ltd contributed 31.3 mln dlrs
while its share of Comalco Ltd's net was 37.8 mln.
    Net earnings from iron-ore operations were 111.8 mln dlrs
against 149.2 mln in 1985, it said.
    Lead, zinc and silver mining and smelting operations
incurred a net loss of 66.8 mln dlrs against a 38.1 mln loss in
1985, CRA said.
    Coal activities resulted in a net profit of 36.7 mln dlrs
against 34.1 mln, while salt raised its contribution to 4.7 mln
from 2.8 mln.
    CRA's share of earnings from the Argyle diamond project
amounted to 12.0 mln dlrs against nine mln in 1985.
    CRA said the main item in its 250.28 mln dlr extraordinary
loss was a 172.9 mln writeoff of unrealised foreign exchange
losses on borrowings as required by a new accounting standard.
    Other extraordinary items were 63.3 mln dlrs provided for
closures and writedown of assets and a 14.1 mln increase in
future tax provisions, CRA said.
    Cash flow continued at a high level, being 950.6 mln dlrs
before capital expenditure against 1.02 billion in 1985. The
strong cash flow, coupled with the proceeds of the 1986 rights
issue and the use of existing cash balances, enabled group debt
to be reduced by nearly 500 mln dlrs.
    CRA said it held forward contracts at year-end to buy 985
mln U.S. Dlrs to hedge part of its foreign debt. This cost 47.0
mln dlrs after tax, included in the net interest cost.
 
</BODY>

<ID>924</ID>
<BODY>Swiss capital exports rose to 4.64
billion francs in January after 2.54 billion in December and a
year earlier 3.64 billion, the Swiss National Bank said.
    New bond issues accounted for 4.12 billion of the total
after December's 2.15 billion, and credits 525.1 mln after
389.9 mln.
    In January 1985, before the National Bank ended the
distinction between notes and bonds, bond issues totalled 1.66
billion francs, notes 1.39 billion and credits 597.5 mln.
 
</BODY>

<ID>929</ID>
<BODY>Italy's consumer price index rose 0.4 pct
in February compared with January after rising 0.6 pct in
January over December, the national statistics institute
(Istat) said.
    The year-on-year rise in February was 4.2 pct down from 4.5
pct in January and compared with 7.6 pct in February 1986.
    Istat said its consumer prices index for the families of
workers and employees (base 1985) was 109.1 in February against
108.7 in January and 104.7 in February 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>969</ID>
<BODY>Employers and the port union, FNV, are
to meet again this afternoon to attempt a settlement of the
six-week-old dispute in Rotterdam's general cargo sector, but
neither side is optimistic, spokesmen for both sides told
s.
    Little progress was made in last night's three hours of
talks, with both sides largely reiterating their positions.
    "There is still a very large gap between the employers and
the FNV, and I can't say that we expect to reach any agreement.
But at least we are still talking," a union spokesman said.
    Employers organization chairman, Jacques Schoufour, accused
the FNV of intransigence in refusing to alter its stance at all
over the past two months.
    "The FNV is not serious about our discussions and I am
really not optimistic about it changing its point of view at
all."
    "If we find this afternoon that the FNV still refuses to
accept the necessary redundancies in the general cargo sector,
then we will break off the talks and the redundancies may begin
later this month," Schoufour said.
    The series of strikes, which employers say has cost them
more than seven mln guilders in lost import business in the
past six weeks, began on January 19 in protest at plans for 800
redundancies from the sector's 4,000 workforce starting with
350 this year.
    Late last month Social Affairs minister Louw de Graaf said
unless the dispute was settled by yesterday he would withdraw
the sector's 10 mln guilder annual labour subsidy.
    Both sides wrote to the minister yesterday setting out
their cases, but Schoufour said he did not expect to hear from
him before Wednesday at the earliest.
 
</BODY>

<ID>995</ID>
<BODY>Firstcorp Inc said it weill report
an after-tax gain of 1,827,000 dlrs or 56 cts per share primary
and 42 cts fully diluted from the proposed condemnation and
acquisition of a parking deck it operates by Wake County.
    The company said if it reinvested proceeds in a similar
property within 24 months, the gain on the sale would be
deferred for tax purposes.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1003</ID>
<BODY>Shr loss six cts vs profit 19 cts
    Net loss 166,000 vs profit 580,000
    Revs 3,772,000 vs 5,545,000
    Year
    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 52 cts
    Net loss 391,000 vs profit 1,425,000
    Revs 15.4 mln vs 16.6 mln
    NOTE: 1985 year figures pro forma for purchase accounting
adjustments resulting from March 1985 reeacquisition of company
by its original shareholders before August 1985 initial public
offering. 
 
</BODY>

<ID>1019</ID>
<BODY>Unilever and NV group reported
improvements in margins and underlying sales volume growth of
five pct in 1986 after stripping out the effects of falling
prices, disposals and currency movements, Unilever Plc chairman
Michael Angus said.
    He told reporters that volumes in North America increased
some 10.5 pct while European consumer goods rose about 2.5 pct
after being flat for some years.
    Much of the disposal strategy, aimed at concentrating
activities on core businesses, had now been completed, he
noted.
    But the process of acquisitions would go on, with strategic
acquisitions taking place "from time to time," he said.
    The company earlier reported a 20 pct rise in pre-tax
profits for 1986 to 1.14 billion stg from 953 mln previously.
In guilder terms, however, profits at the pre-tax level dropped
three pct to 3.69 billion from 3.81 billion.
    Angus said the recent purchase of Chesebrough-Pond's Inc
for 72.50 dlrs a share was unlikely to bring any
earnings dilution.
    However, it would not add much to profits, with much of the
company's operating profits paying for the acquisition costs.
    Finance director Niall Fitzgerald added that while gearing
- debt to equity plus debt - rose to about 60 pct at end 1986
from 35 pct last year, this was expected to drop back to about
40 pct by end-1987.
    The same divergence was made in full year dividend, with
Unilever NV's rising 3.4 pct to 15.33 guilders and Unilever
Plc's increasing 29.9 pct to 50.17p, approximately in line with
the change in attributable profit.
    Angus said the prospectus for the sale of parts of
Chesebrough was due to be published shortly. However, he said
that there was no target date for completing the process.
    He also declined to say what sort of sum Unilever hoped to
realise from the operation, beyond noting that Chesebrough had
paid around 1.25 billion dlrs for Stauffer Chemical Co, which
operates outside Unilever's core activities.
    In the U.S., Organic growth from the Lipton Foods business,
considerable expansion in the household products business and
in margarine had been behind the overall sales increase.
    However, he noted that the U.S. Household products business
had turned in a planned loss, with fourth quarter performance
better than expected despite the anticipated heavy launch costs
of its Surf detergents.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1023</ID>
<BODY>Commerce Secretary Malcolm Baldrige
said after the release of a sharply lower January leading
indicator index that a pickup in exports is needed.
    "The best tonic for the economy now would be a pickup in net
exports," he said in a statement after the department reported
the index fell 1.0 pct in January from December, the sharpest
drop since a 1.7 pct fall in July, 1984.
    The main reasons for the January decline after a 2.3 pct
December rise were declines in building permits, new orders for
plant and equipment and for consumer and industrial goods.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1076</ID>
<BODY>Italy's state-owned Banca Nazionale Del
 said it is negotiating to buy a West German bank as
part of its foreign expansion policy.
    BNL president Nerio Nesi told a news conference the Italian
bank was currently involved in talks but declined to name the
German institution.
    He said the takeover move could be seen as BNL's reply to
Deutsche Bank, which entered the Italian market in
December 1986, with the purchase of BankAmerica
subsidiary Banca D'America.
    Nesi said BNL had also approved a 200 mln dlr credit line
to the Soviet Union aimed at enabling Soviet companies to pay
for Italian imports. He gave no further details.
    BNL officials said the group had also decided to increase
its activities in the Soviet Union by opening a representative
office in Moscow this month through its subsidiary Sogecred,
which specialises in Italian-Soviet trade.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1078</ID>
<BODY>The Federal Reserve is expected to
enter the U.S. Government securities market to add temporary
reserves, economists said.
    They expect it to supply the reserves indirectly by
arranging 1.5 to two billion dlrs of customer repurchase
agreements. The Fed may add the reserves directly instead via
System repurchases.
    Federal funds, which averaged 6.18 pct yesterday, opened at
6-3/16 pct and stayed there in early trading. Analysts said the
rate is under upward pressure partly from settlement of 8.25
billion dlrs of five-year Treasury notes.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1099</ID>
<BODY>Norton co said it has agreed to
sell its remaining South African business, Norton co Pty Ltd,
to Global Mining and Industrial Corp of South africa for
undisclosed terms.
    The company said the unit accounts for less than two pct of
Norton revenues and is being sold because "Growing societal
pressures in the United States and the unsettled situation in
south Africa had required a disproportionate amount of
management tiome to oversee."
    Norton said the unit is profitable. 
    Norton said it will provide the South Afrcian unit with
future technical support, and products makde under that
agreement will continue to be marketed under the Norton
trademark.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1103</ID>
<BODY>Advertising agents Saatchi and Saatchi Co
 said it was buying Cleveland Consulting Associates
Inc for an initial consideration of 2.0 mln dlrs.
    Additional payments may be made annually through the year
ending March 31, 1991 to bring the total consideration up to
9.5 pct of Cleveland's average post-tax profits in the last two
years of the period.
    The purchase of Cleveland is a further step in Saatchi and
Saatchi's fast growing consulting industry, the company said.
It said its consulting operations now provide a platform for
major future expansion.
    For the 12 months ended 31 March 1986, Cleveland had
479,000 dlrs in pretax profits and forecasts one mln for 1987.
    At the Saatchi and Saatchi annual meeting today, the
company reported a particularly strong start to the current
year, with profits sharply higher than the same period last
year.
    Saatchi and Saatchi shares rose one pence on the Cleveland
announcement to 885p after yesterday's 870p close.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1125</ID>
<BODY>The Federal Reserve entered the U.S.
Government securities market to arrange 1.5 billion dlrs of
customer repurchase agreements, a Fed spokesman said.
    Dealers said Federal funds were trading at 6-1/4 pct when
the Fed began its temporary and indirect supply of reserves to
the banking system.

</BODY>
 
<ID>1147</ID>
<BODY>Chile's consumer price index rose 1.7
pct in February to 562.01 (December, 1978 equals 100) after
increases of 2.0 pct in January and 0.9 pct in February 1986,
the government's National Statistics Institute said.
    Inflation as measured by the index rose to 17.5 pct over
the 12 months to the end of February, compared with 16.6 pct
last month and 24.5 pct to the end of February, 1986.
    In the first two months of the year, inflation was 3.8 pct,
against 3.6 pct in the same period of 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1160</ID>
<BODY>Oper shr 26 cts vs 18 cts
    Oper net 2,877,000 vs 1,363,000
    Revs 44.3 mln vs 40.8 mln
    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 10.5 mln
    NOTE: prior qtr excludes loss 475,000, or five cts per
share, for discontinued operations for the sale of subsidiaries
Intermedics Intraocular Inc, Electronics Inc, and Intermedics
Infusaid Inc.
    Excludes 1987 qtr 1,694,000 operating loss carryforwards vs
78,000 qtr prior.
 
</BODY>


<ID>1197</ID>
<BODY>Belgian Foreign Trade Minister Herman
De Croo said if Congress passed legislation curbing world
textile imports the only way the European Community (EC) could
react was to retaliate.
    De Croo said at a news conference "if you limit textile
imports, you will re-orient textiles to Europe."
    And that he said would trigger EC taxes on U.S. goods.
    Congress passed a textile bill two years ago, but it was
vetoed by President Reagan on grounds that curbing imports to
protect the domestic textile industry would trigger retaliation
U.S. trading partners.
    A similar bill has been introducted this year, in a
Congress with a bigger Democratic majority and with a President
weakened by the Iran scandal.
    De Croo, here for talks with Administration officials and
Congressmen, said if a textile bill passed, "the only way we
could react would be retaliation, and it would cause more
retaliation, which is not a good way to deal with problems."
    He said if a textile bill was enacted, "we will impose taxes
on a lot of American products."  He said "it would be stupid. We
have to avoid that."
    He said Congressmen seem upset mosty with Japan, because of
its massive trade suprlus with the United States, and not with
EC nations, but EC nations will be hurt by the diverted 
shipments of Asian textiles.
    De Croo also criticized the way U.S. officials try to solve
EC trade issues, saying "each time we come in contact, it a
conflict contact. The clouts are coming fom the West."
    He said it then is a crisis atmosphere with officials cross
the Atlantic and dramatized with headlines.
    "This is not the way to work in a serious way between two
big powers," De Croo said.
   
</BODY>

<ID>1212</ID>
<BODY>Coffee producing countries must quickly
map out a fresh common strategy following the failure of the
International Coffee Organization, ICO, to reach agreement on
export quotas, Gilberto Arango, president of Colombia's private
coffee exporters' association, said.
    Arango told s that the most intelligent thing now
would be to seek a unifying stand from producers, including
Brazil, in order to map out a strategy to defend prices.
    An ICO special meeting ended last night in London with
exporting and consuming nations failing to agree on a
resumption of export quotas, suspended one year ago after
prices soared following a prolonged drought in Brazil.
    Arango said there would be no imminent catastrophe but
predicted that over the short term prices would undoubtedly
plummet.
    However, he said the market should also take into account
evident factors such as Brazil's low stocks and the sale of the
near totality of the Central American crop.
    Trade sources said Colombia's coffee was today quoted at
1.14 dlrs a lb in New York, its second lowest price in the past
10 years.
    Cardenas said these countries apparently fail to understand
the true impact of such a failure for coffee producing nations
as well as for industrialized countries.
    It is difficult to believe that while efforts are made to
solve the problem of the developing world's external debt,
decisions are being taken which cut earnings used for repaying
those debts, he said.
    "In Colombia's case, we watch with consternation that,
while we try to effectively combat drug trafficking, countries
which support us in this fight seek to cut our jugular vein,"
Cardenas said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1238</ID>
<BODY>American Aircraft Corp said it
has acquired a 51 pct interest in privately-held Hunter
Helicopter of Nevada, Inc.
    The purchase was made for an undisclosed amount of American
Aircraft stock, the company said.
    It said the acquisition will increase shareholder equity in
American Aircraft to 45 cts per share from 18 cts per share.
    Hunter Helicopter builds two-passenger helicopters that
retail for about 50,000 dlrs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1246</ID>
<BODY>Recent heavy rains have not affected the
Peru coffee crop and producers are looking forward to a record
harvest, the president of one of Peru's four coffee cooperative
groups said.
    Justo Marin Ludena, president of the Cafe Peru group of
cooperatives which accounts for about 20 pct of Peru's exports,
told s a harvest of up to 1,800,000 quintales (46 kilos)
was expected this year. He said Peru exported 1,616,101
quintales in the year to September 1986.
    A spokesman for the Villa Rica cooperative said flood
waters last month had not reached coffee plantations, and the
crop was unaffected.
    Floods in early February caused extensive damage in Villa
Rica, whose coffee cooperative exported 59,960 quintales last
year, according to the state-controlled coffee organisation.
    Marin said the rains would only affect the coffee crop if
they continued through to next month, when harvesting starts.
    He said Peruvian producers were hoping for an increase this
year in the 1.3 pct export quota, about 913,000 quintales,
assigned to them by the International Coffee Organisation, ICO.
    He said Peru exported 1,381,009 quintales to ICO members
last year with a value of around 230 mln dlrs, and another
235,092 quintales, valued at around 35 mln dlrs, to non-ICO
members.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1263</ID>
<BODY>Alcan Aluminium Ltd said it joined with
Carrozzeria Bertone S.P.A. to exhibit Alcan's technology in
aluminum structured vehicles at Geneva's international auto
salon.
    Alcan said it and Bertone have built several Bertone X1/9
sports cars with structures of adhesively bonded sheet
aluminum. It said the bodies were made on presses used for
Bertone's steel-structured sports cars.
    Alcan said two of the cars are currently being tested in
Britain by the Motor Industry Research Association.
     Alcan said it has developed and tested the aluminum
structure technology so that it is suitable for modern auto
making methods and plants.
    Alcan said the technology, which reduces the weight of a
car's basic structure by up to 50 pct, can improve handling and
performance and reduce fuel consumption for any size car. It
said the structures also provide long life without the need for
rust protection.
    The structure provides the same stiffness and safety as
present materials, while continuously bonded seams allow a 65
pct reduction in spot welds, Alcan said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1272</ID>
<BODY>Canadian economic growth is expected to
slow further in 1987, but an improved the trade picture should
keep the country from recession, economists said.
    "The economy is ready for about a 2.0 pct rate of growth
over the course of 1987," said Carl Beigie, Chief Economist at
Dominion Securities Pitfield Ltd.
    Statistics Canada reported that gross domestic product,
grew 3.1 pct in 1986, the fourth year of continuous expansion,
but down from 1985's four pct.
    In the final quarter, GDP, in 1981 prices and at annualized
rates, rose a slight 0.2 pct after expanding 0.8 pct in the
third quarter.
    "Essentially it is a flat performance," said Warren Jestin,
deputy chief economist at the Bank of Nova Scotia.
    Economist Wendy Smith Cork of the brokerage Nesbitt Thomson
Bongard Inc said "it shows the economy is not moving along very
steadily, it's not a very promising number."
    "We weren't surprised, we expected to see one bad quarter
in Canada, but we don't think there will be a recession," she
added.
    The rise in GDP was below the 3.3 pct increase forecast by
Federal Finance Minister Michael Wilson in his budget last
month. He also projected the economy would expand  2.8 pct this
year.
    Many economists are less optimistic, predicting growth will
likely be in the 2.0 to 2.2 pct range.
    Statistics Canada also reported the country's trade
performance deteriorated sharply last year as the deficit in
the current account rose to a record 8.8 billion Canadian dlrs
from the previous year's shortfall of 584 mln dlrs.
    "The sharp increase in the deficit originated from
merchandise trade transactions where imports continued to
advance strongly whereas exports were virtually unchanged," the
federal agency said in a statement.
    The merchandise trade surplus was pared to 10.13 billion
dlrs in 1986 from 17.48 billion dlrs in 1985.
    But economist Cork said the expected upturn in the U.S.
economy will lead to increased demand for Canadian goods, and
help fuel the country's modest expansion. Nearly 80 pct of
Canada's exports are shipped to the U.S. each year.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1303</ID>
<BODY>Hanson Trust PLC said Kaiser Cement
shareholders today approved the previously announced merger
agreement making Kaiser Cement an indirect wholly owned unit of
Hanson Trust.
    Hanson said that promptly following the filing of the
certificate of merger Kaiser Cement common shares will be
delisted from the New York Stock Exchange.
    Hanson also said, in accordance with the merger agreement
Kasier Cement also has redeemed all outstanding shares of its
1.375 dlr convertible preferance stocks and its outstanding 9
pct convertible debentures due 2005.
    The acquisitions total purchase price (including cost of
financing the above-mentioned redemptions) will be about 250
mln dlrs, Hanson said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1306</ID>
<BODY>Crude oil prices rallied today, moving
over 17.00 dlrs a barrel because of Saudi Arabia's determined
effort to support prices, analysts said.
    "The Saudis and other OPEC nations are jawboning the market,
hoping to restore confidence and prices and to do this without
another meeting," said Sanford Margoshes, oil analyst with
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.
    "But OPEC is not out of the woods yet by a longshot due to
seasonal declines in demand and some cheating," he added.
    Oil industry analysts said Saudi Arabia has led the attempt
to get other OPEC members to resist pressures to discount from
the official prices agreed to last december.
    The analysts said that to get others to hold the line,
Saudi Arabia pushed hard at the meeting of deputy oil ministers
of the Gulf Cooperation Council last weekend and at the
Cooperation Council oil ministers' meeting the previous week.
    The Saudis have also offered to support members having
difficulty in selling their oil, analysts said.
    "They are trying to make sure that no one discounts, and to
prevent that, it appears that Saudi Arabia or some other OPEC
member will allocate some of their oil sales to help members
that lose sales," Margoshes said.
    He added that the allocations would probably be in the form
of loans to be repaid when these nations resume sales.
    Analysts said this would be useful in keeping in line
nations like Qatar, which has had trouble selling oil. But it
is also likely that such assistance would be provided to
Nigeria which is under pressure to extend discounts.
    Analysts said that Saudi Arabia, with assistance from OPEC
president Rilwanu Lukman, was trying to avoid an emergency OPEC
meeting for fear that it would give the appearance that the
December pact is falling apart.
    Daniel McKinley, oil analyst with Smith Barney, Upham
Harris and Co said, "both physical and futures markets have been
oversold and it only took a small spark to bring on a short
covering rally."
    He believes an Iranian trade mission to Tokyo, which
refused discounts to Japanese buyers, brought Japanese refiners
into the market to cover their short positions.
    Oil traders said one japanese refiner came into the market
to but 10 cargoes of May Dubai, which sent prices up on Mideast
sours, with Dubai trading up to 16.50 dlrs after trading
yeterray as low as 15.63 dlrs and then spilled over into the
North sea crude oil market.
    Traders said that there have been persistent rumors today
that Japanese buyers are looking to pick up cargoes of Brent
for Japan and European trade sources indidate rumors of vessels
being fixed to make such shipments.
    North sea brent today rose over 17.00 dlrs with trades
reported as high as 17.05 dlrs, up one dlr.
    OPEC members' denials that they are producing over their
quotas sparked moves to cover short postitions.
    Indonesian oil minister Subroto said today that OPEC
production was below the 15.8 mln bpd quota agreed to last
december but he gave no details on OPEC production against
claims it was more at least one mln bpd above that level.
    "The production probably is about their quota level and
largely because Saudi Arabia will not discount and canot sell
its oil as a result," Margoshes said.
    Analysts have mixed opinions about the extent of the
current rally. Some believe prices can continue to rise if
Saudi Arabia and OPEC hold steady in a refusal to discount.
    But others said that despite the rally today there were
still several fundamental factors, including demand, which
could cut the rally short.
    Marion Stewart, an indepedent petroleum economist, said
slow growth in the economies of the U.S. and OECD would keep
demand for oil slack and he now estimates that demand to rise
about 1.4 pct over 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1340</ID>
<BODY>Reid-Ashman Inc said it has
decided to divest its test products division, located in Santa
Clara.
    The company said it will entertain offers through March 30.
It also said Steven Reid, a company founder and president of
the test division, has made an offer to purchase the unit.
    The company's test division accounted for about ten pct of
total revenues in the year ended Sept 30, 1986 and is currently
running a revenue rate of under two mln dlrs per year, it said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1343</ID>
<BODY>Distillate fuel stocks held in
primary storage fell by 4.4 mln barrels in the week ended Feb
27 to 127.10 mln barrels from 131.50 mln the previous week, the
American Petroleum Institute (API) said.
    In its weekly statistical bulletin, the oil industry trade
group said gasoline stocks fell 30,000 barrels to 252.92 mln
barrels from a revised 252.95 mln, while crude oil stocks rose
700,000 barrels to 329.38 mln from a revised 328.68 mln.
    It said residual fuel stocks fell 380,000 barrels to 38.04
mln from 38.42 mln barrels.
    API said refinery runs in the week fell to 12.17 mln
barrels per day from a revised 12.42 mln and refinery use of
operating capacity was 78.1 pct, off from a revised 79.7 pct.
    Crude oil imports in the week fell to 3.98 mln bpd from a
revised 4.22 mln, API added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1347</ID>
<BODY>Exports of American wine rose 14.9
per cent last year to a total of 7.2 million gallons, the Wine
Institute said.
    The San Francisco-based promotional group said 95 per cent
of the exported wine was from California and the top three
markets were Canada, Japan and Britain.
    Japan, which edged out Britain as the leading importer of
American wines in 1985, continued in second place.
    Canadian imports rose 3.2 per cent to 2.6 million gallons;
Japan, 9.9 per cent to 1.2 million gallons, and Britain, 20.2
per cent to 962,360 gallons.
    A spokesman for the institute said the declining value of
the dollar and strong promotional efforts on the part of the
California wine industry contributed significantly to the
increased shipments.
    The 1986 wine exports were valued at 34.7 mln dlrs, up from
27.6 mln dlrs the previous year.              
 
</BODY>

<ID>1356</ID>
<BODY>The U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee
may take up a bill tomorrow that would strengthen the
activities of U.S. agricultural trade teams in selected
developing countries, committee staff said.
    The measure, sponsored by committee Chairman Patrick Leahy
(D-Vt.) and Sen. John Melcher (D-Mont.), would establish trade
teams of between six and nine persons drawn from federal
agencies and private voluntary organizations, staff said.
    The trade missions would seek to generate interest in the
U.S. government's food donation and commercial programs --
PL480, Section 416, export credit and export enhancement -- and
upon return be required to advocate extension of concessional
or commercial benefits to interested countries.
    The trade teams would be made up of representatives of the
U.S. Agriculture Department, State Department, the Agency for
International Development and private voluntary organizations
such as U.S. Wheat Associates.
    The bill would require teams within six months to visit
seven countries: Mexico, Philippines, Indonesia, India,
Bangladesh, Senegal and Nigeria.
    Within one year after passage of the measure, another eight
countries would have to be visited: Peru, Kenya, the Dominican
Republic, Costa Rica, Malaysia, Venezuela, Tunisia and Morocco.
Other countries could be added to the list.
    Senate staff members said the bill, still in the drafting
stages, had broad support and was expected to be approved by
the committee tomorrow.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1366</ID>
<BODY>Shr profit 31 cts vs loss 20 cts
    Net profit 1,044,424 vs loss 515,425
    Avg shrs 3,406,841 vs 2,544,531
    Year
    Shr profit 2.83 dlrs vs profit 42 cts
    Net profit 8,811,142 vs profit 1,058,503
    Avg shrs 3,111,464 vs 2,544,531
    Note: Full company name is United Fire and Casualty Co
    Net includes realized gains of 93,551 dlrs and 764,177
dlrs, respectively, in 1986 qtr and year, and of 92,075 dlrs
and 972,935 dlrs, respectively, in 1985 qtr and year.
    1985 results restated for three-for-two stock split. Net
income for 1985 has been restated due to a change in the method
used in computing deferred acquisition costs.
    1986 results include the effect of a stock offering
resulting in the issuance of an additional 862,500 shares of
common stock.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1385</ID>
<BODY>Japanese traders have apparently
sharply reduced commitments to buy Chinese corn over the next
six months due to high prices, the U.S. Agriculture Department
said.
    In its World Production and Trade Report, the department
said traders indicated China may lack supplies or be unwilling
to sell at current low world prices.
    If the reports are confirmed, China's major export
destinations such as USSR, Japan, and South Korea, could
increase purchases of U.S. corn, it said.
    China is currently forecast to export 5.5 mln tonnes of
corn during 1986/87 (Oct-Sept), it said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1394</ID>
<BODY>Taiwan bought 25,000 tonnes U.S.
soybeans today at 203.40 dlrs a tonne, C and F, Gulf, for May
15-30 shipment, private export sources said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1396</ID>
<BODY>Bangladesh passed on its weekend tender
for 100,000 tonnes of optional origin soft wheat, private
export sources said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1398</ID>
<BODY>The National Pork Board announced at the
American Pork Congress convention in Indianapolis that refunds
under the legislative checkoff program are running less than
expected.
    The Board oversees collection and distribution of funds
from the checkoff program that was mandated by the 1985 farm
bill. Virgil Rosendale, a pork producer from Illinois and
chairman of the National Pork Board, said over 2.2 mln dlrs was
collected in January and refunds are running almost nine pct,
considerably less than expected.
    "We believe that this indicates good producer support for
the new checkoff. We're getting good compliance from markets,
from packers and from dealers," Rosendale said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1412</ID>
<BODY>C.T.C. Dealer Holdings Ltd said it
extended its previously announced offer for 49 pct of Canadian
Tire Corp Ltd to midnight on March 26.
    CTC, a group of Canadian Tire dealers, which already owns
17 pct of Canadian Tire, is currently appealing in an Ontario
court against a previously announced Ontario Securities
Commission ruling blocking CTC's 272 mln dlr bid.
    The blocked bid did not include non-voting shareholders,
who hold 96 pct of Canadian Tire equity.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1440</ID>
<BODY>A total 60,500 tonnes of current series
white sugar received export rebates of a maximum 43.147
European Currency Units (Ecus) per 100 kilos at today's
European Community (EC) tender, the U.K. Intervention Board
said.
    Out of this, traders in the U.K. Received 43,500 tonnes, in
the Netherlands 12,000, in Denmark 4,000 and in West Germany
1,000 tonnes.
    Earlier today, London and Paris traders said they expected
the subsidy for the current season whites campaign for licences
to end-July to be between 43.00 and 43.45 Ecus per 100 kilos.
    They had also forecast today's total authorised sugar
tonnage export awards to be between 60,000 and 80,000 tonnes
versus 103,000 last week when the restitution was 43.699 Ecus.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1456</ID>
<BODY>British Columbia
Resources Investment Corp, earlier reporting higher full year
operating losses, said it reached agreement in principle with
five lenders providing for a 360 mln dlr credit facility over a
four year term.
    The company said the credit facility is extendable under
certain circumstances, with annual principal payments of five
mln dlrs. The agreement is subject to certain lender approvals
and completion of formal documentation.
    It earlier reported 1986 losses before extraordinary items
rose to 26.4 mln dlrs from year-ago 7.2 mln dlrs.
    B.C. Resources also said dividends on its series 2
preferred shares and exchangeable preferred shares will remain
suspended.
    However, payment will be made on account of the quarterly
dividend on the exchangeable preferred shares by the company's
trustee from a deposit account, B.C. Resources said.
    Sufficient funds should be available to pay full amount of
the March 31, 1987 dividend to exchangeable preferred
shareholders, with payment expected in early April to
shareholders of record March 31, the company said.
    If future dividends are not declared after the April
exchangeable preferred quarterly payout, future payment will
depend on the amount of dividends received from Westcoast
Transmission Co, B.C. Resources said.
    The company said its increased fourth quarter and full year
operating losses primarily resulted from lower oil prices and a
four month labor shutdown at its Balmer coal mine in British
Columbia.
    B.C. Resources also recorded a 99.9 mln dlr extraordinary
loss, which included losses on disposition of North Sea oil and
gas interests by 67 pct owned Westar Mining Ltd.
    B.C. Resources' 1986 extraordinary charge also included a
writedown of its investment in Westar Petroleum. Gains on the
sales of Westar Timber's Skeena and Celgar pulp mills and
Terrace sawmill partially offset the extraordinary loss, the
company said.
    The company said the asset sales have eliminated B.C.
Resources' long term financing commitment in the North Sea and
exposure to the fluctuating pulp market.
    It also said it cut long term debt in 1986 to 900 mln dlrs
from 1.3 billion dlrs at year-end 1985, and management changes
and staff cuts have significantly reduced costs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1519</ID>
<BODY>The Dominican Republic sold
35,000 long tons of sugar for immediate delivery, with an
option for 25,000 tons more, to Czarnikow Rionda of New York,
the state sugar council announced.
    It was not immediately clear when the sale was made or at
what price. A council communique said "the sale was made at the
best prevailing conditions in the world sugar market."
 
</BODY>

<ID>1553</ID>
<BODY>The Federal Reserve Board voted
unanimously to propose a formula for calculating the risk of
interest rate and currency swaps as part of its ongoing effort
to come up with a new capital standard for U.S. banks that
takes into account the riskiness of a bank's loans and other
assets.
    Fed officials said an identical proposal was being issues
today by the Bank of England.
    The Fed set a 60-day period for public comment on the plan.
    The proposal adopted today addresses only the credit risks
associated with interest rate swaps, forward foreign exchange
contracts and similar financial instruments.
    Previously, the Fed Jan. 8 proposed a series of guidelines
for calculating the risk of other off-balance-sheet activities
that banks would be required to take into account in
calculating the minimum financial cushion they would need to
maintain.
    Both guidelines set five broad categories of risk for loans
and other bank assets and assigned to each a level of risk that
would establish a bank's minimum capital needs.
    The additional guidelines proposed today would determine
the amount of capital support required for a bank's current
exposure for a given asset and the potential future exposure.
    The current exposure would be measured by the
mark-to-market value of the asset, which would reflect the
replacement cost.
    Potential future increases in the replacement cost would be
calculated using credit conversion factors based on statistical
analyses by the staffs of the Bank of England and U.S. banking
regulators. Future exposure would rise over the life of the
asset.
    The Fed staff said the risk gauge attempted to balance
conflicting needs for precision and simplicity.
    They ignore, for example, the relative volatility of the
particular currencies involved in exchange rate contracts.
    Board officials said the new gauge could increase the
capital required of the largest money center banks, which are
the principal participants in these types of activities.
    They cautioned the Fed board to take account of the
potential impact of the plan on the ability of U.S. banks to
compete in world financial markets.
    However, the staff concluded, "The credit risks inherent in
such contracts now constitute a significant element of the risk
profiles of some banking organizations."
    The Fed proposal would exempt all but the 20-25 largest
participants in this market, on grounds the benefits of
including the smaller banks would be outweighed by costs.
    Also excluded would be interest rate and foreign exchange
contracts traded on organized exchanges.
    Governor Martha Seger said she was concerned that Japan was
not involved in the U.K.-U.S. effort to draft new capital
rules.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1560</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England and the U.S. Federal
Reserve Board have agreed new proposals for joint standards to
measure the risk of an array of credit exposures that do not
show up in bank balance sheets, the Bank of England said.
    The plan, covering swaps, forward contracts and options
involving interest or exchange rates, complements proposals
agreed in January between the two central banks to make
commercial banks in the U.S. And Britain subject to similar
standards for measuring capital adequacy, the proposal said.
    It said no final decisions had been reached yet and banks
have until April 16 to comment on the trunk proposals.
    The Bank of England and Fed said they had faced a dilemma.
    "On the one hand (we) are determined to require adequate
capital support for potential future exposure -- on the other
hand (we) are concerned that overly stringent capital
requirements might unnecessarily affect the ability of U.S. And
U.K. Banking organisations to price...Contracts competitively."
     At the basis of the new proposals lies the concept of the
so-called credit equivalent amount - the current value of a
currency or interest rate contract and an estimate of its
potential change in value due to currency or interest rate
fluctuations until the contract matures.
    In treatment similar to that agreed in January for balance
sheet assets, the credit equivalent will be assigned one of
five risk weights between zero and 100 pct, depending on the
quality of the counterparty, the remaining maturity of the
contract and on collaterals or guarantees to the contract, the
plans showed.
    The proposal showed that collaterals and guarantees would
not be recognised in calculating credit equivalent amounts.
    They would, however, be reflected in the assignment of risk
weights. The only guarantees recognised are those given by U.S.
And U.K. Governments or, in the U.S., By domestic national
government agencies, the proposals showed.
    The paper said the proposed rules would not cover spot
foreign exchange contracts and securities traded in futures and
options exchanges.
    It said U.S. Regulatory authorities and the Bank of England
were keen to encourage banks to "net" contracts -- consolidate
multiple contracts with the same counterparty into one single
agreement to create one single payments stream.
    It recognised that "such arrangements may in certain
circumstances reduce credit risk and wish to encourage their
further development and implementation," and said some of the
current proposals may be changed to take this into account.
    The paper said the proposed rules would not cover spot
foreign exchange contracts and securities traded in futures and
options exchanges.
    It said U.S. Regulatory authorities and the Bank of England
were keen to encourage banks to "net" contracts -- consolidate
multiple contracts with the same counterparty into one single
agreement to create one single payments stream.
    It recognised that "such arrangements may in certain
circumstances reduce credit risk and wish to encourage their
further development and implementation," and said some of the
current proposals may be changed to take this into account.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1563</ID>
<BODY>First Union Real Estate Investments
said its board left the quarterly dividend unchanged at 37-1/2
cts per share, payable April 30, record March 31.
    The trust, which has raised its quarterly dividend
frequently in the past two years and in the first quarter in
both years, said the Tax Reform Act of 1986 has limited its
flexibility on dividends, and trustees will now consider the
appropriateness of any dividend increases only during the later
quarters of the year.

 
</BODY>

<ID>1582</ID>
<BODY>Torrential rains throughout
Argentina's grain-producing areas virtually paralysed coarse
grain harvesting in the week to yesterday, trade sources said.
    Sunflower, maize and sorghum harvests were particularly
affected, they said. But the rains proved to be a great aid to
soybean crops as their harvesting will not begin until April or
May.
    The rains did no damage to maize, sunflower and sorghum
crops though fresh rains in similar volume could reduce yields
and cut the total volume of this year's harvest.
    Rainfall measured between 15 and 270 mm in Buenos Aires,
with the heaviest rains in the province's western sectors,
between 15 and 100 mm in Cordoba, 15 and 120 mm in La Pampa, 10
and 75 mm in Santa Fe, 10 and 60 mm in Entre Rios, five and 40
mm in Misiones, and five and 50 mm in San Luis.
    No rain was recorded in Corrientes, Chaco and Formosa.
    Growers did not revise their estimates for total volume of
the coarse grain harvest over last week's estimates.
    Maize harvesting continued moving forward in central Santa
Fe, though slowly. Growers had harvested seven to nine pct of
total planted area, compared to five to seven pct last week.
    Total maize area planted for the 1986/87 harvest was
estimated at between 3.58 and 3.78 mln hectares, or two to
seven pct less than the 3.85 mln hectares planted in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Maize production is expected to total between 10.4 and 11
mln tonnes, or a drop of 17.5 to 19.4 pct over the 12.4 to 12.6
mln tonnes harvested last year according to private estimates,
or 18.9 to 21.9 pct lower than last year's volume, according to
official figures.
    The sunflower harvest advanced to between seven and nine
pct of total planted area.
    Two to 2.2 mln hectares have been planted with sunflowers
for this harvest, down 29.9 to 36.3 pct from last year's figure
of 3.14 mln hectares.
    Sunflower production is expected to total between 2.4 mln
and 2.7 mln tonnes, which would mean a drop of between 34.1 and
41.5 pct against the record 4.1 mln tonnes harvested in the
1985/86 harvest.
    Grain sorghum harvesting inched forward to between two and
four pct of total planted area, which this harvest is 1.23 to
1.30 mln hectares or 10.3 to 15.2 pct less than the 1.45 mln
hectares planted in the 1985/86 harvest.
    Sorghum production is expected to total between 3.2 mln and
3.5 mln tonnes, or 16.7 to 22 pct less than the 4.1 to 4.2
million tonnes harvested in 1985/86.
    Soybean production, by contrast, is expected to hit a
record 8.0 to 8.4 mln tonnes, which would mean an increase of
11.1 to 15.1 pct over last year's record figure of 7.2 to 7.3
mln tonnes, according to private estimates. Official figures
put last year's soybean harvest at 7.1 mln tonnes.
    Soybean crops were reported to be in generally very good
condition, helped by abundant rains and high temperatures.
    Total soybean-planted area for the 1986/87 harvest is
expected to be a record 3.7 to 3.8 mln hectares, up 10.8 to
13.8 pct from last year's harvest figure of 3.34 mln hectares.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1588</ID>
<BODY>The European Community Commission today
appointed its chief spokesman, Hugo Paemen, as its top official
in charge of multilateral trade negotiations, a Commission
spokesman said.
    Paemen, a Belgian official who had previously been chief
aide to former External Affairs Commissioner Etienne Davignon,
has been in his post since January 1985.
    The spokesman said Paemen will continue as chief spokesman
until the retirement on May 1 of Paul Luyten, who is now in
charge of EC departments handling negotiations in the world
trade body GATT, the OECD and other forums.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1590</ID>
<BODY>Sen. Rudy Boschwitz, R-Minn., said he
intended to offer legislation that would allow 1987 producers
of wheat, feedgrains, cotton and rice to receive at least 92
pct of their deficiency payments, regardless of how much they
planted.
    Boschwitz told the Senate Agriculture Committee that
applying the so-called 0/92 provision to 1987 crops was
supported by the Reagan administration and would save
approximately 500 mln dlrs, including 266 mln dlrs in corn
payments, 90 mln dlrs in wheat and 30 mln dlrs in cotton.
    The Minnesota senator said he might offer the bill on the
Senate floor or in a conference committee with the House of
Representatives in the event a similar bill before the House
Agriculture Committee is approved by that body.
    Boschwitz told s that neither he nor the U.S.
Agriculture Department had decided whether or how deficiency
payments should be guaranteed to farmers who might choose not
to plant under the decoupling scheme.
    If payments are not set in advance under decoupling, market
prices conceivably could rise, thereby leading to diminished
deficiency payments.
    Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt.,
said he wanted to go to conference with the House as soon as
possible on the issue, but would have to study the matter
further before deciding how he would vote on it.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1601</ID>
<BODY>Hayes-Albion Corp said it has
delayed the special meeting at which shareholders will vote on
its merger into Harvard Industries Inc until March 24
from March 17 due to a delay in Securities and Exchange
Commission clearance of proxy materials.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1619</ID>
<BODY>Standard Oil Co said the Friendswood
Development Number One well in the Fostoria or Deep Wilcox
Field of Montgomery County, Texas, flowed 4,500,000 cubic feet
of natural gas per day from depths of 14,252 to 14,486 feet
through a 14/64 inch choke.
    It said it has contracted for Perry Gas Cos Inc to purchase
natural gas from the well, and Perry will build a four-inch
gathering pipeline to connect to Natural Gas Pipeline Co's
transmission line.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1631</ID>
<BODY>The U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee
approved a measure that would exempt farmers who planted
alfalfa or other multiyear grasses and legumes between 1981 and
1985 from a federal conservation requirement.
    Sen. Edward Zorinsky, D-Neb., said his bill would restore
equity under federal sodbuster rules, which currently deny farm
program benefits to farmers who, between 1981 and 1985, planted
alfalfa and other multiyear grasses and legumes without
interrupting the plantings with a row crop.
    An official from a leading conservation group, who asked
not to be identified, said the panel's move was "an unfortunate
first action" because it could lead to the exemption of
potentially millions of acres from the sod buster regulations,
established under the 1985 farm bill.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1634</ID>
<BODY>Wall Street traders said the stock of
Outboard Marine Corp was rising on a rumor over a cable
television program that Outboard is a likely takeover target of
Sun Chemical Corp SNL.
    Outboard was up 3-1/8 to 34-5/8. On Tuesday it rose 1-3/8
to 31-1/2 Tuesday.
    A report on Cable News Network today said Sun Chemical has
4.9 pct of Outboard and is conducting a study on whether to go
for control of the whole company.
    An Outboard Marine spokesman would not comment on the
rumor.
    The cable program said a buyout of Outboard would be for up
to 40 dlrs a share, or for a total of 680 mln dlrs.
    A spokesman for Sun Chemical was not immediately available.
    Outboard Marine last June adopted a shareholder rights plan
that will be triggered when a person or group acquires
beneficial ownership of 20 pct or more of its common or begins
a tender offer that would result in 30 pct ownership.
    Wayne Jones, vice president at Outboard for strategic
planning, said management wants to stay independent. "We are
not trying to sell the company. We are proceeding with our
strategic plans," he said.
    That plan includes integrating five boat companies that
Outboard Marine has bought since the middle of December. Jones
said all five will cost between 100 mln dlrs to 120 mln dlrs.
    An analyst who wanted anonymity said 40 dlrs a share is a
"decent" price for outboard. "A bdding war to 50 or 60 dlrs a
share is stretching it. Maybe 45 dlrs a share tops," he said.
    Outboard, which has 17 mln shares outstanding, is in
registration for a two mln common share offering with Morgan
Stanley Inc. It makes sense, the analyst said, for Sun Chemical
to strike before the offering is underway.
 
</BODY>


<ID>1656</ID>
<BODY>South Korea's record 7.1 billion dlrs
trade surplus with the U.S. is bound to diminish as the
country switches purchases from Japan in favor of U.S.
companies, Trade Minister Woong-Bae Rha said.
     He rejected suggestions the Korean Won is undervalued, and
denied any plans for a "drastic and sudden" revaluation.
    Rha is heading a trade mission to 37 U.S. cities. Last year
South Korea ran a 4.3 billion dlr trade surplus, including a
record 7.1 billion surplus with the U.S. and a 5.5 billion dlr
deficit with Japan.
    Rha told s in an interview the current trade mission
is looking for 2.0 billion dlrs in purchases from U.S.
companies, about a quarter of which represents "transferred
purchases from Japanese sources."
    Rha said the items being sought by the current mission are
"mainly chemicals, machinery and parts."
    He said South Korea is the fourth largest importer of U.S.
agricultural products. The current mission is not involved in
that area but there are plans to buy "substantial amounts of
cotton" from the U.S.
    He noted his country "is clearly not as open as the American
market. Nor is it reasonable to expect that it should be,"
considering South Korea has a 40 billion dlr foreign debt and
spends six pct of its gross national product on defense.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1657</ID>
<BODY>CRI Insured Mortgage Investments
Inc said its advisor will recommend a special distribution of
50 cts per share due to the sale of a federally insured first
mortgage on Park Meadows I in Madison, Wis., for 4,267,871
dlrs.
    It said it received a 3,695,465 dlr return of capital and
572,406 dlrs in income on the sale, and the 50 ct distribution
would represent a 43.294 ct return of principal and a 6.706 ct
capital gain and would be payable June 30 to holders of record
May 31.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1661</ID>
<BODY>Sterling Investment Group>
said it successfully drilled and completed a significant
development well 65 miles southwest of Houston, Texas.
    The well has a choke of 11/64 of an inch and is 10,097 feet
deep.
    The well initially tested at a maximum daily flow rate of
two mln cubic feet of gas and 304 barrels of condensate.
    Participants in the new well, along with Sterling, are
Trafalgar House Ltd of the U.K. and Texstar NOrth America Inc.>
 
</BODY>

<ID>1666</ID>
<BODY>Policy Management Systems Corp
said it has acquired the majority of the assets and business of
Allied Research Inc of Salem, Ore., and Consolidated Insurance
Services Inc, of Springfield, Va., for undisclosed terms.
    It said the two companies, which had combined 1986 revenues
of about two mln dlrs, provide underwriting information
services to property and casualty insurers.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1675</ID>
<BODY>The ruling GATT Council deferred a
decision on whether to set up a dispute panel on the basis of a
European Community complaint against the U.S.- Japanese
agreement on exports of computer semiconductors.
    David Woods, spokesman of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade (GATT), told a news briefing that the main parties
would continue bilateral talks. This was in the hope of
resolving the row before the next Council meeting on April 15.
    The five-year accord signed in July 1986 aims to protect
the U.S. Market from dumping of low-price Japanese microchips,
officially known as semiconductors.
    The E.C. Complained the accord breached GATT trade rules by
allowing Tokyo to monitor prices, allowing it to set minimum
prices for Japanese chips sold in third countries.
    The 12-nation Community also charged the agreement gave
U.S. Producers preferential access to the Japanese market.
    Woods said many nations -- Hong Kong, Canada, Switzerland,
Singapore, Sweden, Malaysia and Nigeria -- had supported the EC
complaint during the heated Council debate.
    Japan's delegate, Minoru Endo, and U.S. Ambassador Michael
Samuels replied in the debate that the E.C. Charges were
unfounded, but they were willing to continue bilateral talks.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1680</ID>
<BODY>The ruling GATT Council set up a formal
dispute panel to examine a U.S. Complaint that a Canadian law
prohibiting export of unprocessed herring and salmon was
discriminatory.
    David Wood, official spokesman of the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade (GATT), told a news briefing the decision was
taken after bilateral consultations failed to resolve the row.
    U.S. Ambassador Michael Samuels charged during the Council
debate that Canada was trying to preserve domestic jobs by
insisting that herring and salmon be processed at home.
    Robert White, Canada's deputy chief of delegation, replied
the law was in line with GATT rules, and was for conservations
reasons. But he agreed to setting up the dispute panel.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1681</ID>
<BODY>colombia's cost of living index rose 2.03
pct in february after a 3.27 pct increase in january and a 3.15
pct rise in february 1986, the government statistics institute
said.
    The rise brought year-on-year inflation to 19.77 pct
compared with 23.72 pct at end-february 1986 and 21.66 pct for
the year ending january 1987.
    The government has predicted that inflation this year would
be lower than in 1986 when it reached 20.9 pct.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1693</ID>
<BODY>Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. is considering
expanding its operations in Italy, particularly in the consumer
banking sector, a Chase Manhattan official said.
    Robert D. Hunter, Chase Manhattan area executive for
Europe, Africa and the Middle East, said at a news conference
that plans to broaden the bank's activities on the Italian
market have not been finalised, however.
    Asked if Chase Manhattan would consider an acquisition in
Italy, Hunter said: "We will look at any opportunity, but the
prices of Italian banks have been quite high." Chase Manhattan
has branches in Milan and Rome.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1772</ID>
<BODY>Congressmen from beef producing
states and representatives of the U.S. livestock industry 
urged the Reagan administration to press Japan and South Korea
to open up their markets to imports of beef.
    Testifying at a House subcommittee hearing on livestock
issues, Rep. Hal Daub (R-Nebr.), said the administration should
push hard for greater beef imports by Japan and South Korea.
Daub was joined by several other lawmakers.
    U.S. assistant trade representative Suzanne Earley, replied
"we're not going to let Japan off the hook, or Korea." She
noted trade representative Clayton Yeutter met with a senior
Korean official last week on the beef issue, and that Yeutter
and Agriculture Secretary Richard Lyng will visit Tokyo in
April for discussions on farm trade issues.
    Japan maintains a quota on beef imports, set at 58,400
tonnes high quality beef in fiscal 1987. South Korea has banned
beef imports but there are indications Seoul may bow to U.S.
pressure and allow some imports soon, industry officials said.
    In testimony today, Tom Cook, director of industry affairs
for the National Cattlemens Association said "the Congress,
administration and the industry must take a strong, tough and
united stand to impress the Japanese that we mean business and
that we expect them to open their markets."
 
</BODY>

<ID>1797</ID>
<BODY>Qtly div 55 cts vs 55 cts prior
    Payable May one
    Record April three
 
</BODY>

<ID>1798</ID>
<BODY>Banner Industries Inc said it completed
the purchase of all Rexnord Inc common shares for its
26.25 dlrs per share cash tender offer that ended Feb
27, 1987.
    The purchase follows Banner receiving earlier today 310 mln
dlrs under a credit agreement with Citicorp Industries Credit
Inc and the Bank of Nova Scotia, and an additional 260 mln dlrs
from offerings made for Banner and its subsidiary through
Drexel Burnham and Lambert.
    As a result of the tender offer, Banner said it will own
approximately 96 pct of the outstanding shares of Rexnord. The
company said a merger of Rexnord and a subsidiary of Banner
will be completed before mid-May.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1808</ID>
<BODY>Sumner Redstone, president of National
Amusements, Inc, predicted he can win regulatory approvals to
wrap up the 3.4 billion dlr acquisition of Viacom International
Inc in 60 to 90 days.
    Redstone, 63, catapulted himself into the big leagues of
entertainment early today when a group of Viacom managers and
their financial backers decided not to top National's bid.
    "We've had counsel working for some time in every region
where Viacom has cable televison systems" Redstone told s
in a telephone interview.
    Redstone also said "Viacom is committed to working very
closely with us to obtain approvals." Viacom has been seeking
approvals for transfer of its broadcast licenses and cable
systems since September when its management group first
advanced a buyout plan.
    But Redstone turned the situation into a spirited bidding
contest which was capped by the announcement this morning that
Viacom's independent directors on behalf of Viacom entered into
a defintive merger agreement with National.
    National is a family business which operates a chain of
movie theaters. It is dwarfed by Viacom.
    Redstone said he was weary after talks dragged on through
the night but also excited at the prospect of running a leading
electronic media company. He noted that the number of motion
picture admissions in the U.S. has shown no growth in 15 years.
    Of nine satellite television channels operated by Viacom,
four are motion-picture oriented pay channels. Redstone said
exclusive contracts with pay television networks are the
emerging trend. "Up until recently you could see any motion
picture on any pay channel," Redstone said.
    He noted Viacom has exclusive agreements with two studios
and plans to sign a deal with a third company next month.
    Redstone said the management group's investment bankers
will be paid what is due for termination of its merger
agreement. Such fees could total about 30 mln dlrs. "That will
be a company expense," Redstone said.
    He said BankAmerica Corp has had numerous inquiries
from lenders who want to participate in a 2.25 billion dlr
financing for the deal. BankAmerica will provide 592 mln dlrs.
    After the merger, Viacom will be a subsidiary of National
but 17 pct of the company will be in public hands.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1811</ID>
<BODY>U.S. Trade Representative Clayton
Yeutter said he hoped the U.S. dollar would continue to decline
in relation to the currencies of Taiwan and South Korea as a
way to improve the U.S. trade picture.
    Testifying before the House Appropriations subcommittee
which must approve his agency's 1988 budget, he said, "In my
judgment economic factors justify a continued decline."
    Asked by a committee member if he expected a further
decline, and how much, Yeutter said the Taiwan and South Korean
currencies should be adjusted to reflect "positive factors" in
their economies.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1847</ID>
<BODY>Banner Industries Inc said it completed
the previously announced purchase of Rexnord Inc. It said
it owns 96 pct of Rexnord's outstanding following the purchase
of all Rexnord's common validly tendered pursuant to its 26.25
dlr per share cash tender offer ended February 27.
    Banner also said it received 310 mln dlrs pursuant to a
credit agreement with Citicorp Industrial Credit Inc and the
Bank of Nova Scotia and 260 mln dlrs from an offering made
through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
    The merger of Rexnord with a subsidiary of Banner will be
copmleted before mid-May, the company said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1862</ID>
<BODY>Piedmont Aviation Inc said
its board meeting recessed today without taking action on
proposals to combine Piedmont with other corporations.
    Piedmont has received opposing bids from Norfolk Southern
Corp and US Air Corp.
    Earlier today, Trans World Airlines Inc offered to either
buy Piedmont suitor US Air or, alternatively, to merge with
Piedmont and U.S. Air.
    IN a prepared statement, Piedmont said there would be no
further announcements concerning this situation today.
    The company declined to say when the board would meet
again.
   
 
</BODY>

<ID>1880</ID>
<BODY>the sharp fall in international coffee
prices will not affect colombia's external credit situation,
finance minister cesar gaviria told reuters.
    "our foreign debt is high, but we can pay, and I hope the
foreign banking community will maintain its position toward us,"
he said.
    He said the current decline on world coffee markets was not
totally unexpected and would have no immediate bearing on
colombia's financial state, which he described as sound.
    Gaviria said the decline in coffee prices could mean a loss
of 1.5 billion dlrs in revenues for 1987.
    The conservative party and the country's largest trade
union called this week for the debt to be rescheduled following
the price drop.
    Colombia, the only major latin american country not to have
rescheduled its external public debt, has a total foreign debt
of 13.6 billion dlrs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1886</ID>
<BODY>WTC International N.V. said it
has sold its affiliates in South Africa to an independent
trust, created to continue the operations in that country.
    The purchase price was about 8.4 mln dlrs, represented by a
ten-year interest-bearing note, payable annually at 11 pct, to
be paid by the trust out of proceeds from the South African
operations, the company said.
    WTC said its board concluded in view of the social,
political and economic situatin in South Africa, it was best to
separate the company from its interests there.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1889</ID>
<BODY>Ivory Coast today predicted that the
present coffee price crash recorded after the collapse of the
recent International Coffee Organisation (ICO) meeting in
London would not last long.
    Commenting on Monday's failure by producer and consumer
nations to agree on new export quotas needed to tighten an
oversupplied coffee market, Ivorian Agriculture Minister Denis
Bra Kanon told reporters that traders would eventually be
obliged to restore their positions.
    "I am convinced the market is going to reverse by April," he
told a news conference here at his return from the failed
London talks.
    Robusta coffee beans for May delivery ended the day in
London down about 50 sterling at 1,265 sterling a tonne, the
lowest since 1982.
    Bra Kanon estimated at at least 535 billion CFA francs
(1.76 billion dlrs) the overall loss in revenues earned by
Ivory Coast from all its commodities exports this year if the
slide on the world markets continues.
    He disclosed that his country - the world's biggest cocoa
producer and the third largest for coffee -- would spearhead an
African initiative to reach a compromise formula by the end of
next month.
    Ivory Coast has been chosen by the Abidjan-based
Inter-African Coffee Organisation (IACO) to speak on behalf of
the continent's 25 producer nations at the London talks.
    "An initiative from IACO is likely very soon," he said
without elaborating.
    "Following the London collapse, we have immediately embarked
on a concertation course to avoid breaking an already fragile
market," he said.
    Questioned by journalists, the minister said President
Felix Houphouet-Boigny estimated for the moment that his
government would not be forced to reduce the price guaranteed
by the state to Ivorian coffee-growers for the current season.
    Last year, the West African nation announced that the
coffee producer price would stay at 200 CFA francs (65 cents)
per kilo.
    Bra Kanon said that his country would strive to diversify
its agricultural production to avoid beeing too dependent from
world market fluctuation.
    A communique read over the state-run television tonight
said that during today's weekly cabinet meeting, the veteran
Ivorian leader reaffirmed "his faith in Ivory Coast's bright
(economic) future" despite the commodities price slide.
    The Agriculture Minister also announced the government
decided to earmark a sum of 7.5 billion CFA francs (24.71 mln
dlrs) to support the country's small farmers.
    Financially-strapped Ivory Coast, long regarded as one of
Africa's showpiece economies, is going through difficult times
following the sharp slump in the world price of cocoa and
coffee.
    Ivory Coast's real gross domestic product is expected to
grow only one pct this year compared to five pct in 1986,
according to a recent Finance Ministry estimate.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1898</ID>
<BODY>The central bank has issued 7.08 billion
dlrs worth of certificates of deposit (CDs), bringing the value
of CD issues so far this year to 93.29 billion, a bank
spokesman told s.
    The new CDs, with maturities of six months, one year and
two years, carry interest rates ranging from 3.9 to 5.15 pct.
    The issues are designed to help curb the growth of the M-1B
money supply which has expanded along with Taiwan's foreign
exchange reserves, the spokesman said. The reserves reached a
record high of more than 51 billion U.S. Dlrs Wednesday.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1934</ID>
<BODY>The state-owned Minerals and Metals
Trading Corp will send a team to Japan next week to negotiate
an iron ore export contract for 1987/88 beginning April 1,
trade sources said.
    Japan, the biggest buyer of Indian iron ore with imports of
around 23 mln tonnes a year, has asked India to reduce prices
from the current average of 18 dlrs a tonne, the sources said.
    "Japan has said it may be forced to reduce ore imports from
India next year if New Delhi fails to reduce the price," one
source said, but declined to give further details.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1946</ID>
<BODY>The French sugar market intervention
board, FIRS, raised its estimate of 1986/87 beet sugar
production in the 12-member European Community to 13.76 mln
tonnes white equivalent in its end-February report from 13.74
mln a month earlier.
    Its forecast for total EC sugar production, including cane
and molasses, rose to 14.10 mln tonnes from 14.09 mln.
Portugal, which joined the Community in January 1986, was
estimated at 12.75 mln tonnes white equivalent, unchanged from
the previous forecast and compared with 12.41 mln tonnes for
1985/86.
    Production for the current campaign in Spain was higher
than reported last month at 1.03 mln tonnes compared with
997,000 tonnes.
    Beet sugar production, expressed as white equivalent, was
estimated at 3.44 mln tonnes in France, 3.17 mln tonnes in West
Germany, 1.72 mln in Italy, 1.30 mln in Britain, 1.22 mln in
the Netherlands, 936,000 tonnes in Belgium/Luxembourg, 499,000
in Denmark, 287,000 in Greece, 183,000 in Ireland and 4,000 in
Portugal.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1966</ID>
<BODY>Talks set for today between management
and unions to try to solve the labour dispute at Cargill U.K.
Ltd's Seaforth oilseed crushing plant have been rescheduled for
Monday, a company spokesman said.
    Oilseed processing at the mill has been at a standstill
since December 19.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1976</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England said it provided the
money market with a further 20 mln stg of assistance during the
morning. It again bought bills for resale to the market on
April 2 at a rate of 10-15/16 pct. Earlier this morning, it
bought 17 mln stg of bills at the same rate and for resale on
the same date.
    The Bank has thus given a total of 37 mln stg so far today,
which leaves the bulk of a 1.15 billion stg shortage still in
the system. Dealers noted that money market rates again eased
this morning and the Bank may have refused bill offers from the
discount houses at rates below its established dealing levels.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1980</ID>
<BODY>Ice conditions are unchanged at the
Soviet Baltic oil port of Ventspils, with continuous and
compacted drift ice 15 to 30 cms thick, the latest report of
the Finnish Board of Navigation said.
    Icebreaker assistance to reach Ventspils harbour is needed
for normal steel vessels without special reinforcement against
ice, the report said.
    It gave no details of ice conditions at the other major
Soviet Baltic export harbour of Klaipeda.
 
</BODY>

<ID>1982</ID>
<BODY>The Swiss Finance Ministry is inviting
tenders for a new series of three-month money market
certificates to raise about 150 mln Swiss francs, the Swiss
National Bank said.
    Bids would be due on March 10 and payment on March 12.
    The last issue of three-month paper conducted on February
12 yielded 2.969 pct.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2001</ID>
<BODY>Jaguar is about to sell its
new XJ-6 model on the U.S. And Japanese markets and expects a
strong reception based on its success in the U.K., Chairman Sir
John Egan told a news conference.
    Commenting on an 11 pct growth in 1986 group turnover to
830.4 mln stg and pre-tax profits at 120.8 mln stg, slightly
below 1985's 121.3 mln, Egan said Jaguar aimed at an average
profit growth of 15 pct per year. However, the introduction of
the new model had kept this year's pre-tax profit down.
    Jaguar starts selling XJ-6 in the U.S. In May and plans to
sell 25,000 of its total 47,000 production there in 1987.
    U.S. Sales now account for 65 pct of total turnover,
finance director John Edwards said.
    A U.S. Price for the car has not been set yet, but Edwards
said the relatively high car prices in dollars of West German
competitors offered an "umbrella" for Jaguar. He added the XJ-6
had also to compete with U.S. Luxury car producers which would
restrict the car's price.
    Jaguar hedges a majority of its dollar receipts on a
12-month rolling basis and plans to do so for a larger part of
its receipts for longer periods, John Egan said.
    In the longer term, capital expenditure will amount to 10
pct of net sales. Research and development will cost four pct
of net sales and training two pct.
    Jaguar builds half of its cars and buys components for the
other half. The firm is in early stages of considering the
building of an own press shop in Britain for about 80 mln stg,
but Egan said this would take at least another three years
    On the London Stock Exchange, Jaguar's shares were last
quoted at 591p, down from 611p at yesterday's close, after
reporting 1986 results which were in line with market
expectations, dealers said.

</BODY>

<ID>2024</ID>
<BODY>E.F. Hutton Group Inc said it has
started its previously announced offer to purchase up to
6,332,471 common shares of Purolator Courier Corp at 35 dlrs
each.
    In a newspaper advertisement, the company said the offer,
proration period and withdrfawal rights will expire April One
unless extended.  The offer is conditioned on receipt of at
least 5,116,892 Purolator shares, or a 66.7 pct interest, and
is the first step in a merger agreement that has been approved
by the Purolator board.
    Hutton said it reserves the right to buy more than
6,332,471 shares but has no present intention of doing so.  It
said it may waive the condition that at least 5,116,892 shares
be tendered as long as it received at least a 50.1 pct
interest.  If it were to receive fewer shares than that, it
said it would only purchase sharesd with the consent of
Purolator.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2095</ID>
<BODY>U.S. Agriculture Secretary Richard
Lyng does not intend to discuss a wheat export enhancement
initiative to the Soviet Union at a cabinet-level Economic
Policy Council meeting set for tomorrow, an aide to Lyng said.
    "He (Lyng) does not intend to bring it up," the aide said,
adding that the subsidy offer remains "dormant."
    Lyng plans to spend "about five minutes" reviewing the status
of farm legislation on Capitol Hill before the Economic Policy
Council, which is responsible for guiding the administration's
economic policy, the aide said.
    The USDA secretary met this morning with members of the
House Foreign Affairs Committee, but the handful of lawmakers
present did not ask whether the administration intended to
offer Moscow a wheat export bonus, the aide said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2118</ID>
<BODY>Securities and Exchange Commission
chairman John Shad said progress was being made in stopping
insider trading, but the chairman of a House subcommittee with
jurisdiction over securities laws said he was concerned about
conditions on Wall Street.
    "Greed has created a feeding frenzy on Wall Street and in
the process laws are broken and multi-billion dlr corporations
have become easy prey," Rep. Edward Markey, D-Mass, the
chairman of the Telecommunications and Finance said at the
start of a hearing on SEC activities.
    "Congress is understandably nervous. We perceive the
current scandals as a warning of even worse things to come,"
Markey said. "The frenzy and disruption created by merger mania
is particularly distressing."
    Shad said the recent cases involving Ivan Boesky, Dennis
Levine and others was a warning that those who engage in
insider trading were taking a heavy risk of imprisonment, high
fines and disbarment from the securities industry.
    "Insider trading has not been eradicated, but it has been
inhibited and multimillions of dollars of profits that Boesky
and others have been siphoning off the markets are now flowing
through to legitimate investors and traders," Shad said in his
statement.
    Shad said insider trading cases involved only 10 pct or
less of SEC enforcement actions in recent years but they have
increased significantly to 125 cases brought during the past
five years compared to 77 cases in the preceeding 47 years.
    Markey said he did not favor banning takeovers but thought
the tender offer process needed reform including earlier
disclosure of takeover attempts.
    N.J. Rep. Mathew Rinaldo, the senior subcommittee
Republican, said he was introducing legislation to create a
five member commission to study the securities industry for a
year and report its findings and recommendations to Congress.
Commission members would be appointed by the SEC.
    "Its primary mission would be to analyze the extent of
illegal trading on insider trading and to assess the adequacy
of existing surveillance systems and government oversight
operations. The commission would advise Congress as to what
additional resources or civil or criminal remedies are needed
to combat fraud and improve compliance with federal laws,"
Rinaldo said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2128</ID>
<BODY>The U.S. Department of Transportation
said it gave final approval to USAir Group's proposed 400 mln
dlr acquisition of Pacific Southwest Airlines.
    The department said the acquisition is not likely to
substantially lessen competition and would not harm the public
interest.
    The department had given its tentative approval of the
acquisition in January.
    The department said it decided to make final its tentative
decision after reviewing the public response to it.
    The agency said it rejected an assertion by Air North
America, which currently is not operating but plans to start
service to some of the cities served by USAIR and PSA, that the
acquisition would lessen chances of new entry into those
markets by other carriers.
    The agency said Air North America provided no support for
its claim that the transaction would give the two carriers
monopoly power in some markets.
    The transportation agency said Air North America also
failed to show that there are barriers that would prevent new
entrants into those markets or prevent other carriers from
increasing their service.
    The agency noted in its final order that PSA operates
exclusively in the West and Mexico while USAir serves the West
for the most part with some long-haul flights from the East and
Midwest.
    The two carriers serve five point in common; Los Angeles,
San Diego, San Francico, Phoenix and Tucsonm, the agency said.
     The transportation department also rejected a request by
the Teamsters Union, which represents some PSA workers, to
require protections for PSA workers.
    The agency noted that USAir has promised to give protective
benefits to PSA workers and that unions representing PSA
workers have collective bargaining agreements that provide such
protections.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2175</ID>
<BODY>A presidential commission that has
been studying oil imports, including their effect on national
security, is to to make its report soon, the White House said.
    Spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the panel, set up last
October to examine U.S. oil import needs, would make its report
soon, probably within the next few weeks.
    He said National Security Adviser Frank Carlucci "will wait
until that report is in and then see if there is any special
action needed to be taken in the national security area to
implement it."
 
</BODY>

<ID>2191</ID>
<BODY>The European Community's cereal
management committee rejected all bids to export free market
soft wheat at today's weekly tender, traders said.
    The committee awarded 123,000 tonnes of free market barley
export licences at a maximum export refund of 138.75 Ecus per
tonne.
</BODY>

<ID>2251</ID>
<BODY>Hughes Tool Co Chairman W.A. Kistler
said its counter proposal to merge with Baker International
Corp was still under consideration and that a merger was in the
best interests of both companies.
    "Our hope is that we can come to a mutual agreement that is
good for both companies," Kistler said of the proposed merger
that would result in a 1.2 billion dlr oil field service
company. "We're working very hard on this merger."
    Hughes' board today again adjourned a shareholders meeting
to vote on the proposed merger and rescheduled it for March 11
to give Baker more time to consider the counter proposal.
    The Hughes board, which had previously expressed concern
about a U.S. Department of Justice consent decree that would
require Baker to sell its drilling bit operations and
submersible pump business, met yesterday and threatened to
terminate the proposed merger.
    The Hughes board made a counter proposal that the two
companies first find acceptable buyers for the businesses
before signing the decree.
    The directors of Baker immediately after receiving the
counter proposal filed a law suit in Texas in a Texas state
court to force to Hughes to complete the merger.
    "The uncertainty as to the price and conditions that might
be imposed by the Department of Justice makes us very nervous
about what the outcome might be," Kistler said, in explaining
why Hughes had made the counter proposal.
    "We need additional time to understand why Baker did not
accept our proposal."
    Kistler also said that the law suit filed by Baker "was not
a factor" in the board's decision to keep its merger proposal
on the table.
    He declined to comment on the allegations in the lawsuit.
    Kistler said Hughes would be willing to consider a
compromise counter proposal, but declined to be more specific.
    The Justice Department in January said it would block the
Hughes and Baker merger on anti-trust grounds unless both
companies agreed to sign a consent decree that would provide
for the sale of the assets after the merger took place.
    The Hughes board said it would not sign the decree because
its was too "unreasonable." Hughes said that Baker should
instead complete the sale of the disputed assets before the
merger is finalized and given government approval.
    Under the decree, if Baker is unable to find acceptable
buyers within a specified period of time after the decree is
approved, a federal trustee would become responsible for
finding a buyer.
    Kistler said that under those terms, the trustee could take
up to 10 years to complete the sales.
    He also expressed concern that the combined companies might
be required by the government's conditions to license some of
its technology to any purchaser of the assets.
    Baker said last night in a statement that the required
assets to be sold would reduce revenues by about 65 mln dlrs,
representing about three pct of the revenues of the combined
companies.

</BODY>

<ID>2264</ID>
<BODY>The EC Commission decided to open a
special daily export rebate today for maize exports to Morocco,
Israel, Canary Islands and zone 5c (Sub-Saharan Africa), trade
sources said here.
    The rebate was set at 153 European currency units per tonne
for March and 133 for April through July.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2265</ID>
<BODY>Aequitron Medical Inc said costs
related to its previously announced plan to consolidate Life
Products operations in Boulder, Colo, are expected to total
720,000 dlrs, or eight cts a share for the fourth quarter
ending April 30.
    It said the costs including moving expenses, severance pay
and future lease payments.
    The company said it will consolidate Life Products into the
company's headquarters and manufacturing operations in
Minneapolis.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2273</ID>
<BODY>Shr 42 cts vs 1.21 dlrs
    Net 2,317,000 vs 5,847,000
    Sales 360.0 mln vs 282.4 mln
    Avg shrs 5,463,000 vs 4,829,000
    NOTE: 1986 net includes 4,700,000 dlr pretax charge from
writedown of land and abandonment of land and pretax charges of
5,800,00 dlrs from pending rescission offer, settlements with
U.S. agencies, adjustment of the prior booking of residuals
arising from collateralized mortgage obligation bond issues,
writedowns of land held by a joint venture, startup costs
associated with entering new markets, an increase in reserves
for customer service and writeoffs and reserves for
mortgage-related receivables to reflect current market values.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2286</ID>
<BODY>A Treasury Department spokesman
refused comment on statements by Robert Ortner, undersecretary
of economic affairs for the Commerce Department, that the
Japanese yen was undervalued.
    Ortner, senior economist at the Commerce Department, told
an Export-Import Bank conference "the yen is still a little bit
undervalued," and "could go up another 10 or 15 pct."
    Asked for reaction, a Treasury spokesman said officials
were aware of Ortner's comments but had no intention of making
any comment on them.
    Ortner, who stressed he was expressing personal views, said
he thought the U.S. dollar was "fairly priced"
against most European currencies and added "I do not regard the
dollar as undervalued at this point against the yen," he said.
    But the yen should go up 10 or 15 pct in value, Ortner
said, because it is undervalued against the dollar.
    The United States and major trade allies West Germany,
France, Britain, Japan and Canada met recently in Paris to
discuss maintaining stability in international currency values.

 
</BODY>

<ID>2290</ID>
<BODY>
LIBRA BANK EXPECTS BRAZIL TO REACH DEBT ACCORD LONDON, March 5
- London-based Libra Bank said when announcing its 1986
annual results that it expected Brazil to reach agreement with
its creditors over debt repayments.
    "In recent years Brazil has demonstrated its ability to
generate surpluses sufficient to service its debt, and I have
no doubt that, in due course, it will reach an agreement with
the banks and its other creditors," Libra managing director
Peter Belmont said in a statement.
    Earlier the bank, which specialises in providing finance to
Latin America and the Caribbean, announced pretax profits of
43.9 mln stg for calendar 1986, against 43 mln in 1985.
    Libra's net worth increased by 24 pct to 134 mln stg last
year, and Belmont said the improvement to the bank's balance
sheet was due to profits being mostly retained in the bank, and
to the issue of 10 mln stg of cumulative redeemable preference
shares during the year.
    Libra is a consortium bank --National Westminster Bank Plc, 
    Chase Manhattan Bank N.A., Royal Bank of Canada,
Swiss Bank Corp, Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale, Mitsubishi Bank Ltd, Bancomer,
Banco Itau, Credito Italiano and Banco Espirito
Santo e Comercial de Lisboa all have shareholdings.

</BODY>

<ID>2326</ID>
<BODY>Striking Brazilian seamen, who say
they have made idle 158 ships and halted Brazilian exports,
today held pay talks in Rio de Janeiro with Labour Minister
Almir Pazzianotto, union officials said.
    Jorge Luis Leao Franco, a senior official of the National
Merchant Marine Union, told s he was optimistic the talks
would lead to an end of the stoppage, which began last Friday.
    Brazil's 40,000 seamen are seeking a pay rise of 275 pct.
    The union official said the strike had halted a total of
158 vessels, including 50 in Brazil's main port, Santos, and
about 50 more in Rio de Janeiro.
    Abroad, six ships lay idle, in the Netherlands, Spain,
Venezuela, France and South Africa, he said.
    Economic analysts said the strike was of serious concern to
the government, which has already had to suspend interest
payments on part of Brazil's foreign debt following a drastic
deterioration in the country's trade balance.
    The head of the National Merchant Marine Authority, Murilo
Rubens Habbema, was quoted in today's Gazeta Mercantil
newspaper as saying that if the strike continued foreign ships
could be authorized to transport Brazilian exports.
    "Brazil is living through a crisis at the moment, and it is
not conceivable that exports be hit," he said.
    "But even using foreign ships we must not forget that we are
going to lose foreign exchange paying freight charges abroad,
and all this through the fault of the seamen," Rubens Habbema
said.
    A spokesman for the port of Santos, which has been the
scene of labour unrest and congestion in recent months, said
movement of ships out of the port was running at about half its
normal level of 12 ships a day.
    He said a total of 76 ships were either waiting at anchor
on moored in the harbour.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2366</ID>
<BODY>Oppenheimer and Co analyst Robert
McAdoo raised his 1987 earnings estimate for NWA Inc, parent of
Northwest Airlines, following a strong quarterly report by the
company yesterday, according to Oppenheimer market strategist
Michael Metz.
    NWA shares rose 1-5/8 to 74-3/8 in active trading.
    McAdoo raised his 1987 estimate to 7.50 dlrs a share from
five dlrs and maintained a buy recommendation on the stock,
Metz said.
    McAdoo was traveling and could not be reached for comment.
    Yesterday, Minneapolis-based NWA reported fourth quarter
net of about 9.8 mln dlrs or 45 cts a share against a loss of
two mln dlrs or nine cts in the 1985 quarter.
    For the year, earnings rose to 76.9 mln dlrs or 3.26 dlrs
from 73.1 mln or 3.18 dlrs. The 1986 results include Republic
Airlines since NWA acquired it Aug 12, 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2371</ID>
<BODY>Novacor Inc, a unit of Nova,
an Alberta Corp, said it would raise prices for U.S. customers
by five cts a pound on linear low-density and low-density
polyethylene, effective April 1.
    The company did not immediately disclose the actual new
prices.
    A Novacor official later said in reply to an inquiry that
the new prices, effective April 1, would range from 31 U.S. cts
a pound to about 38 cts.
    The official said the increase reflected improved market
conditions, although he noted the new prices would still be
lower than those of three years ago.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2379</ID>
<BODY>Homestead Financial Corp
said it has increased the dividend on its Class A common shares
to 6-1/4 cts a share, from five cts prior, while declaring an
initial dividend on its Class B common stock of 3-3/4 cts a
share.
    Homestead said the two classes of stock emerged as part of
its recapitalization plan which also doubled the number of
authorized common, comprising both classes, to 11 mln shares.
    Homestead said the dividends are payable on April 6, to
shareholders of record March 20.
    Homestead also said that class b shareholders who want to
increase their dividends may exchange their shares for an equal
number of class A shares on or before March 20.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2389</ID>
<BODY>Over 750,000 head of cattle are suffering
the effects of a severe shortage of feed as a result of a
prolonged drought in the normally rich sugar and cattle
producing province of Camaguey, the newspaper Granma reported.
    The province produces 23 pct of Cuba's beef and is the
island's number two province in milk production. Granma said
20,000 head of cattle are now in imminent danger.
    The newspaper said a "cattle emergency" had been decreed and
the cattle are being rounded up.
    Some 110,000 head have been transferred to the sugar cane
conditioning centers where newly harvested cane is cleaned
before being sent to the mills. The cattle are being fed the
residue left after cleaning the cane stalks. 32,000 head have
been sent to nearby provinces of Las Tunas and Ciego de Avila.
    Despite Cuba's ambitous cattle development plans, beef
rationing has been in effect over the past 25 years. In Havana,
each Cuban receives approximately 3/4 lb of rationed beef every
18 days.
    In a major area hit by drought, San Miguel, practically no
rain has fallen in the past 14 months. Grazing lands are
parched and the region was unable to produce 117,000 tonnes of
silage projected in its annual plan.
    Granma said rainfall over the past year has been less than
50 pct of normal precipitation.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2405</ID>
<BODY>Combined International Corp should have
another strong year, President Patrick G. Ryan told analysts,
although he declined to forecast earnings specifically.
    In 1986, the company reported operating income of 5.51 dlrs
a share, up from 4.84 dlrs a share a year earlier. Revenues
increased to 1.81 billion dlrs from 1.36 billion dlrs.
    Ryan said Combined is testing a direct response long-term
care product through its Union Fidelity Life Insurance Co and
has plans to offer it through Ryan Insurance Group.
    In answer to a question on Combined's possible exposure to
AIDS-related health claims, Ryan said it was "minimal" although
he conceded that every carrier who provides coverage is
vulnerable.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2406</ID>
<BODY>Finance Minister Michael Wilson said
large inflows of capital into Canada, principally into the
country's bond market, is a major reason behind the sharp
recovery in the Canadian dollar.
    He said the inflow of funds, mainly from Japan, Europe and
the United States, is the result of "confidence in the
direction this country is going in."
    "That is the reason why the (Canadian) dollar today is
higher than 75 cts (U.S.) compared to this time last year (when
it was) a little over 69 cts," Wilson told the House of Commons
daily question period.
    Figures released this week show foreigners purchased a
record 23.1 billion dlrs of Canadian bonds in 1986, more than
double the previous year, with Japan investing a record 9.5
billion dlrs in the market.
    Wilson was responding to opposition party questions about a
possible loss of jobs from the rise in Canadian investment
abroad. Canadian investment, including the buying of foreign
companies, stocks and bonds, rose to 12.53 billion dlrs from
6.19 billion dlrs in 1985.
    The minister said the flow of funds from abroad would
generate many new jobs in Canada.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2419</ID>
<BODY>Rexcom Systems Corp said it agreed to
buy all the assets of Postech Inc from Comtech Group
International Ltd, a Canadian computer service company, for 70
pct of Rexcom's voting shares.
    The purchase will be for Rexcom common and preferred stock.
    Postech, the Canadian firm's U.S. marketing arm, sells
computerized restaurant management systems and security systems
in the U.S.
    The deal is subject to approval by the boards of Postech
and Rexcom.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2425</ID>
<BODY>A House Agriculture Committee meeting
to draft a disaster aid bill containing a controversial 0/92
provision has been postponed until next Tuesday, committee
staff members announced.
    The bill contains a provision implementing a 0/92 acreage
reduction plan for 1986 wheat and 1987 winter wheat, thereby
making payments available to farmers who were not able to plant
last year's winter wheat crop because of flooding.
    Controversy exists over whether the 0/92 provisions of the
bill should be expanded, cut back or left as is.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2449</ID>
<BODY>Renewed confidence in OPEC's ability to
limit production helped U.S. energy futures settle above
yesterday's closing prices, according to analysts.
    They also said the heating oil contract found additional
support from a short-covering rally on the close.
    April crude closed 24 cts higher to 17.75 dlrs. April
heating oil was 1.47 cts higher to 47.91 cts a gallon.
    "Most traders expected follow through profit-taking from
yesterday but the market found suport from bullish reports that
OPEC is producing within its quota," said Simon Greenshields, a
vice president with Morgan Stanley and Co Inc.
    News today, including OPEC President Rilwanu Lukman
statement that OPEC February production did not exceed its
official quota of 15.8 mln barrels per day, helped bouy prices,
traders said. A  survey found OPEC production in early
March was 14.7 mln bpd.
    In addition to short-covering, heating oil found support
from traders buying it against sales of gasoline and crude, as
well as from expectations for continued drawdowns in stocks as
refiners shut down for maintenance, traders said.
    Unleaded gasoline for April finished 0.55 cent higher to
51.24 cts a gallon.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2456</ID>
<BODY>Corn sales gained 2,494,900 tonnes in
the week ended February 26, the highest weekly total since
August 1984 and two and three-quarter times the prior week's
level, the U.S. Agriculture Department said.
    In comments on its Export Sales Report, the department said
sales of 1.0 mln tonnes to the USSR -- previously reported
under the daily reporting system -- were the first sales for
delivery to the USSR under the fourth year of the U.S.-USSR
Grains Supply Agreement, which began October 1.
    Japan added 689,700 tonnes to previous purchases and sales
to unknown destinations rose by 429,800 tonnes.
    Wheat sales of 362,400 tonnes for the current season and
151,000 for the 1987/88 season were down by more than half from
the previous week's combined sales, it said.
    Egypt, Japan and Iraq were the major wheat buyers for
delivery in the current year, while sales to China decreased by
30,000 tonnes for the current season, but increased by 90,000
tonnes for the 1987/88 season, which begins June 1.
    Net sales of soybeans totalling 274,200 tonnes equaled the
preceding week, but were nearly a third below the four week
average. Major increases were for Belgium, South Korea, Mexico
and Italy, it said.
    Soybean cake and meal sales of 103,700 tonnes were 2-3/4
times the previous week's marketing year low, but six pct less
than the four week average.
    Major increases for West Germany, Belgium, Spain, Italy and
Australia were partially offset by declines to unknown
destinations.
    Soybean oil sales of 5,400 tonnes were the result of
increases for Venezuela and reductions of 500 tonnes for
unknown destinations.
    Combined sales activity in cotton of 75,200 running bales
-- 44,700 bales for the current year and 30,500 bales for the
1987/88  bales -- were 56 pct below the prior week's good
showing, the department said.
    Major purchasers for the current season were South Korea,
Japan, Taiwan and Thailand, while South Korea and Indonesia
were the major buyers for the 1987/88 season, which begins
August 1.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2474</ID>
<BODY>Great Western Financial
Corp's subsidiary Great Western Bank said it will purchase
three retail banking branches in south Florida with total
deposits of 90 mln dlrs.
    Great Western said it will purchase branches in Deerfield
Beach and Hollywood with approximately 80 mln dlrs in deposits
from Guardian Savings and Loan Association, and one in Palm
Beach with approximately 10 mln in deposits from Goldome
Savings Bank.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2529</ID>
<BODY>Argentina's cost of living index
grew 6.5 pct in January, down from last month's 7.6 pct, the
National Statistics Institute said.
    It said consumer prices rose 98.9 pct over the last 12
months, against 81.9 pct inflation in the calendar year 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2538</ID>
<BODY>Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp will
later today formally ask the U.S. Interstate Commerce
Commission (ICC) to reconsider its earlier rejection of the
merger of the holding company's railroad assets, a company
spokesman said.
    "We expect to file papers late tonight" asking the ICC to
reopen the rail merger case, spokesman Rich Hall said in a
telephone interview from the company's Chicago headquarters.
    The ICC had rejected in July, on grounds it would reduce
competition, the merger of the Santa Fe and Southern Pacific
Railroads.
    The deadline for seeking ICC reconsideration of the merger
plan is midnight tonight.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2540</ID>
<BODY>A group led by GFI Nevada Inc, a
subsidiary of General Felt Industries, a Saddlebrook, N.J.
carpet maker, said it cut its stake in Allied Products Corp to
169,888 shares, or 3.4 pct, from 288,652 shares, or 5.8 pct.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
GFI said it sold 114,000 Allied Products common shares on March
3 at 42 dlrs each and donated another 4,746 shares to two
universities.
    It said its dealings in the company's common stock were for
investment purposes only.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2544</ID>
<BODY>E.A. Viner Holdings Ltd said the earlier
reported Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing of Heck's Inc, in
which Viner holds 408,000 shares, would not materially affect
Viner's capital position or its ability to carry on its
profitable brokerage business.
    Viner said its brokerage subsidiary, Edward A. Viner and Co
had regulatory capital of 24.5 mln U.S. dlrs at year-end 1986.
    The company said Heck's Chapter 11 filing could, however,
affect Viner's previously reported legal action to recover
costs from an aborted merger agreement with Heck's.
     It said it and the Toussie-Viner group, with which it made
the merger offer, were assessing their options regarding the
Heck's investment.
    Viner earlier reported a fourth quarter loss of 918,000
U.S. dlrs after a 1.5 mln dlr writedown of its stake in Heck's.
It earned 585,000 dlrs in the previous fourth quarter.
    Full-year earnings totaled 2.9 mln dlrs against a
year-earlier loss of 1.5 mln dlrs. The full-year earnings
included a 900,000 dlr net writedown of the Heck's stake, it
said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2551</ID>
<BODY>A shareholder group led by a Swedish
investment firm and a Norwegian investor said it raised its
stake in the Scandinavia Fund Inc to 2,165,300 shares, or 33.3
pct of the total, from 1,978,900 shares, or 30.5 pct.
    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
the group, which includes Ingemar Rydin Industritillbehor AB,
the firm, and investor Erik Martin Vik, said it bought the
additional shares between Feb 24 and March 9.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2553</ID>
<BODY>Costa Rica's economy minister said he
sees new hope for winning changes in the International Coffee
Organisation system of export quotas.
    Minister Luis Diego Escalante, who serves as president of
the Costa Rican Coffee Institute, said he was hopeful because
of the support offered Costa Rica and other smaller producing-
nations by such major consumers as the United States, Britain
and the Netherlands at last week's ICO meeting in london.
    Escalante told a news conference here he "carried the weight
of the negotiations" at the meeting by calling for larger export
quotas for the smaller coffee-growing nations.
    Costa rica is insisting, Escalante said, on a new quota
system based on a producing nation's real export capacity, once
it has satisfied internal demand.
    "There are countries such as our own whose sales
possibilities are close to or above 100 pct of their current
quotas," Escalante said.
    At the same time, there are countries favoured by the
current system that have been assigned quotas far above their
export potential, he said.
    The current ICO quota system is "unfair and autocratic,"
Escalante said.
    Escalante attributed the nosedive in international coffee
prices over the last week to speculation rather than real
matters of supply and demand.
    "Be careful," he warned, "there's not as much coffee in the
world as they say. What there is are bags of sawdust."
 
</BODY>

<ID>2574</ID>
<BODY>Borealis Exploration Ltd said
it entered into an agreement with Faraway Gold Mines Ltd of
Vancouver, British Columbia, under which Faraway will acquire
an interest in Borealis's Whale Cove Gold Property in the
Keewatin district of the Northwest Territories.
    Faraway will spend 1.5 mln dlrs on exploration over three
years and will hold 50 pct of the property until all expenses
are paid out, when the interest will drop to 40 pct.
    Also, Borealis and Faraway will issue treasury shares to
each other and Faraway will buy 575,000 Borealis shares from
Borealis president Lorne Spence.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2576</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England said it provided
assistance worth 350 mln stg during the afternoon session which
takes total help so far today to 446 mln stg against a shortage
estimated at around 550 mln stg.
    The central bank purchased outright bank bills comprising
120 mln stg in band one at 10-7/8 pct and 227 mln stg in band
two at 10-13/16 pct. It also bought treasury bills worth one
mln stg in band one and two mln stg in band two at the same
rates of interest as bank bills.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2578</ID>
<BODY>Finland's medical group Instrumentarium
said it has acquired electronics components
importers and marketers Ferrado and Insele,
subsidiaries of Finland's electronics group Nokia.
    It said in a statement Ferrado and Insele will be merged
into Instrumentarium's Professional Electronics and Information
Systems Division.
    It did not disclose a price for the acquisitions but said
it had issued 30,000 restricted B shares as partial payment to
Nokia.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2633</ID>
<BODY>Treasury Secretary James Baker said
there has been no change in U.S. policy on the value of the
dollar.
    Baker, when asked if the policy was changed in view of
comments yesterday by a senior Commerce Department official who
said he thought the Japanese yen was undervalued against the
dollar by 10 to 15 pct, replied, "No."
    Yesterday Robert Ortner, Undersecretary of Commerce for
Economic Affairs, said he thought the yen was undervalued but
said that was his personal view.
    This remark caused the dollar to drop as it appeared to
conflict with a recent agreement in Paris by the United States
and five other industrial nations that currency rates were at
about the right level to reflect underlying economic
conditions.
    Baker, who spoke earlier to the National Newspaper
Association, declined to elaborate on his statement about U.S.
policy.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2635</ID>
<BODY>Limited shipping restrictions due to high
water remain in force on parts of the West German stretch of
the Rhine river between the Dutch border and the city of Mainz
but most are expected to be lifted this weekend.
    water authority officials said The restrictions, caused by
high water levels, include speed limits and directives to keep
to the middle of the river to prevent damage to the river
banks. The high water was expected to recede within two days to
below levels at which the restrictions come into force.
    Traffic was halted briefly late Tuesday night, Wednesday
and parts of Thursday on stretches of the Rhine between Bonn
and Koblenz but the shipping bans were lifted, the officials
said. Shipping is now permitted on all parts of the West German
section of the Rhine, with restrictions in some areas.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2638</ID>
<BODY>Narragansett Capital Inc NARR>
said it and Dudley S. Taft have requested a response from Taft
Broadcasting Co by March 12.
    Earlier today, Taft Broadcasting said Taft, the company's
vice chairman, and Narragansett had offered 145 dlrs for each
of Taft's 9.2 mln outstanding shares.
    The company said the offer is conditioned on approval of
its board, but a spokesman declined comment on whether or not
the board has scheduled a meeting.
     The Narragansett/Taft group will provide the equity portion
of the offer by contributing at least 125 mln dlrs in cash and
Taft Broadcasting common, Narragansett said.
    It said the group has been advised by First Boston Inc's
First Boston Corp that the investment banker is "highly
confident that financing for the acquisition can be
consummated."
    Narragansett said the offer is subject to negotiation of a
definitive merger agreement and definitive financing agreements
as well as approval by regulators, Taft's board and Taft's
stockholders.
    The Narragansett/Taft group said its letter to Taft's board
states the group intends to return control over a significant
portion of the company's equity to the Taft family while
providing other stockholders with a means of realizing a very
attractive value for their shares.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2647</ID>
<BODY>Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp said it
filed a petition asking the U.S. Interstate Commerce Commission
to reconsider its earlier rejection of the merger of the
holding company's railroad assets.
    The ICC had rejected in July the merger of the Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific Railroads on the grounds that it would reduce
competition.
    Santa Fe in its petition outlines an array of
pro-competitive agreements with other railroads which would
preserve the economic benefits of the merger for the merged
railroad and the public.
    If the commission agrees that public benefits and
competitive enhancements will result, it can vote to reopen the
merger case. Interested parties have until March 25 to file
statements in response to the supplemental petition.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2652</ID>
<BODY>Sweden's Nordbanken banking group
said it would sell the 4.2 mln B free shares deposited as loan
collateral by Fermenta AB's founder and former chief
executive Refaat el-Sayed and it planned to buy them up itself.
    The bank said the sale - by public auction on March 16 --
was because of a debtor's inability to repay an overdue loan.
    The B free shares closed at 16.50 crowns on the bourse's
unofficial list -- down from a peak of 300 in January 1986.
Nordbanken said it did not exclude accepting a suitable bid for
the shares although it expected to buy them back itself.
    The statement said the sale did not represent any
withdrawal from Nordbanken's undertakings towards the Fermenta
group and that it had been sanctioned by the other main
shareholders.
    Nordbanken is Fermenta's third largest creditor with loans
of 155 mln crowns. It was one of the four Swedish banks which
last month agreed to advance the group 110 mln crowns to solve
its immediate liquidity problems. Together with two other main
shareholders, it also advanced Fermenta an additional 65 mln
crowns until a new equity issue could be made.
    Fermenta is due to hold an extraordinary shareholders'
meeting on Tuesday to approve the planned equity issue.
    Nordbanken had to make a provision against a 200 mln crown
loan to el-Sayed in its 1986 results.
    Fermenta's new management originally hoped to raise 160 mln
crowns through the new one for four rights issue and an extra
170 mln from an issue to Nordbanken, another major creditor and
shareholder Gotabanken and the group's new majority owner
Industrivarden AB.
    The share price was to be 20 crowns. But there has been
doubt over the plans since the stock fell below this level this
week after Fermenta's former chairman Kjell Brandstrom said the
company was in a much worse state than he thought.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2664</ID>
<BODY>France Fund Inc said its board declared
an initial dividend of 1.12 dlrs per share, payable April six,
to holders of record March 20.
    The fund said the dividend represents two cts per share for
net investment income realized during 1986 and 1.10 dlrs from
net taxable gains realized during the year.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2666</ID>
<BODY>Pre-tax profit 513.2 mln guilders vs 545.5 mln
    Net profit 285.3 mln guilders vs 265.4 mln
    Consolidated net turnover 6.68 billion guilders vs 6.40
billion
    Net profit per 25.00 guilder nominal share 11.11 guilders
vs 10.33, taking into account one-for-three scrip issue last
year
    Final dividend two guilders vs same, making total 3.50
guilders vs same
 
</BODY>

<ID>2677</ID>
<BODY>Gulf States Utilities Co said
auditor Coopers and Lybrand has issued a qualified opinion on
1986 financial statements.
    Gulf States said the audit opinion satated that without
sufficient rate increases or funds from other sources, Gulf
states may be unable to maintain its financial viability,
which is necessary to permit the realization of its assets and
the liquidation of its liabilities in the ordinary course of
business.
    IT said it received a similar qualified opinion in 1985.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2681</ID>
<BODY>The Mississippi River is now open for
barge traffic up to the Twin Cities in Minnesota after repairs
were completed and the first barges moved upstream through Lock
and Dam 20 near Quincy, Ill at 0600 CST today, an Army Corps of
Engineers spokesman said.
    About 14 to 15 inches of ice were reported between locks
three and four on the upper Mississippi River, but other
sections were generally free of ice, the spokesman said.
    Midwestern weather has been so mild that barges probably
could have kept loading at Mid-Mississippi River terminals
through the winter, if Lock and Dam 20 had not been scheduled
for repairs, he said.
    The Peoria and La Grange locks on the Illinois River are
still scheduled to close July 13, for two months of repairs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2742</ID>
<BODY>Algemene Bank Nederland N.V. ABNN.AS>
chairman Robertus Hazelhoff said the bank's 10.3 pct increase
in net 1986 profit to 527 mln guilders from 478 mln in 1985 was
encouraging in view of the sharply lower dollar.
    Hazelhoff, speaking at a press conference after the release
of ABN's 1986 results, said a sharp decrease in foreign
earnings had been compensated by a strong domestic performance,
notably in the securities business.
    He said the bank was also proposing a one for 10
share-split which should facilitate trade in the bank's stock.
    News of the split sparked a 14 guilder rise in ABN's share
price on the Amsterdam bourse to a close of 517 guilders.
    Prospects for 1987 hung on three uncertainties, namely the
future trend of the dollar, the level of interest rates and
ABN's share of equities trade, Hazelhoff said.
    Provisions for general contingencies were reduced in 1986
by 4.1 pct to 575 mln guilders, while taxes increased by 2.1
pct to 242 mln guilders, he added.
    Lower global interest rates in 1986 had nipped earnings
margins via traditional lending activities, he said.
    Hazelhoff said ABN was unlikely to continue reducing risk
provisions in the future but he noted the bank was not overly
concerned about default by Latin American debtors, a factor
which brokers say has distanced Dutch insititutions from bank
stocks recently.
    He said that of the bank's estimated 25 financially
troubled sovereign debtors, about one quarter were Latin
American countries. These would ultimately pay up, he said.
    He added that losses incurred through loans to tin
producers in the wake of the tin council crisis at end-1985 had
been written off.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2782</ID>
<BODY>Technigen Platinum corp said it
initial results of a 13-hole drilling program on its R.M. Nicel
platinum property in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec, indicate
"extensive" near-surface zones "highly" enriched in gold,
platinum and palladium were found in rocks on the periphery of
a sulphide deposit.
    It said values of up to 0.073 ounce of platinum, 0.206
ounce palladium, three pct copper and 4.5 pct nickel were found
over a drill section of 13 feet.
                  
</BODY>

<ID>2802</ID>
<BODY>An investor group led by New York
investor George Soros said it was dissatisfied with Fairchild
Industries Inc management and was considering boosting its
holdings to as much as 49.9 pct of the aerospace and aviation
company's outstanding stock.
    The group already controls 1,647,481 Fairchild Industries
shares or 11.5 pct of the total outstanding.
    The group said it filed on Wednesday with federal antitrust
regulators for advance clearance to buy enough additional
shares to increase its total stake to up to 49.9 pct of the
total outstanding stock.
    The group said its representatives had met with Fairchild
Industries officials to inform them "that they do not believe
management has been successful in enhancing or protecting
shareholder values."
    It said it was considering the additional share purchases
to enable it to "assert a greater degree of influence over the
future management and policies of the issuer."
    It said a decision on the specific level of share ownership
it would seek depended on market prices, future changes in
management policies, available financial resources and other
factors.
    The group said it also reserved the right to pursue other
measures intended to influence Fairchild management and
policies, either alone or in concert with other investors.
    The group includes Soros and Quantum Fund, an offshore
investment firm headquartered in Curacao, Netherlands Antilles
that is advised by Soros.
    The group said that since its last SEC filing, made Jan. 2,
it had purchased no additional Fairchild shares and had sold
6,700 shares on the New York Stock Exchange Jan. 19.
    A Fairchild Industries official later said Soros had told
the company he was not dissatisfied with its management.
    "Contrary to the filing, Mr. Soros has told the company
today that he is not dissatisfied with management," Fairchild's
Bill Fulwider told s.
    However, Fulwider said the company would have nothing to
say at this time about Soros' disclosure that he may buy up
enough additional Fairchild shares to hold as much as 49.9 pct
of the company's outstanding stock.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2810</ID>
<BODY>SouthTrust Corp, a 5.1 billion
dlr multibank holding company, said it entered into agreements
to acquire four Florida banks with assets totalling more than
233.2 mln dlrs.
    Terms of the agreements were not disclosed.
    The four banks are: Central Bank of Volusia County, with
assets of 59.3 mln dlrs, Bank of Pensacola with assets of 63.8
mln dlrs, and Vista Bank, which operates Vista Bank of Volusia
County with assets of 37.8 mln dlrs and Vista Bank of Marion
County with assets of 72.3 mln dlrs.
    It said the agreements are subject to regulatory approval.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2818</ID>
<BODY>Carling O'Keefe Ltd said it sold its
Star Oil and Gas Ltd unit to United Coal (Canada) Ltd for about
57 mln dlrs cash.
    Carling said it will record an extraordinary gain of about
two mln dlrs after tax, or nine cts a common share resulting
from the sale.
    The company did not elaborate further on financial terms.
    A Carling official later said in reply to an inquiry that
Carling would record the extraordinary gain in its fourth
quarter ending March 31.
    The move came after Carling's 50 pct-owner Rothmans Inc>
agreed last week to sell its Carling stake to Elders IXL Ltd,
of Australia, for 196.2 mln Canadian dlrs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2819</ID>
<BODY>The channel ferry Herald
of Free Enterprise from the British Townsend Thorensen company
was sinking off the Belgian coast tonight with 463 people on
board, the Dutch newsagency ANP reported today.
    An unspecified number of people had fallen into the water,
it said, quoting the pilot organisation in this south-western
Dutch port city near the Belgian border.
    It said the vessel had capsized after a collision but gave
no more details.
    Dan Kaakebeen a spokesman for the Dutch salvage firm Smit
International told s by telephone from Rotterdam that the
vessel was just off the Belgian port of Zeebrugge with 463
passengers and crew when the accident occurred at 1850 GMT.
    Kaakebeen said the firm had one vessel at the scene and
another on its way with divers on board.
    A spokesman at the port authority of nearby Vlissingen said
attempts were being made to pull the vessel into shallow
waters.
    Weather conditions were good with no fog or wind, and there
were many other vessels in the area.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2843</ID>
<BODY>chile's gross domestic product rose 5.7
pct last year to 18.8 billion dollars, compared to a 2.4 pct
rise in the previous year, the central bank said.
    It said initial projections were for a 4.6 pct increase in
gdp this year.
    The sectors which registered the greatest growth in 1986
were fisheries with 10 pct, agriculture at 8.7 pct, transport
and communications with 8.1 pct and industry at 8.0 pct, the
bank added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2847</ID>
<BODY>Landmark Savings Association said it
completed the sale of its Whitehall, Pa., office, including
deposits of about 31 mln dlrs, to Parkvale Savings Association.
    Landmark said it realized a gain of about 1.1 mln dlrs on
the sale. The price was not disclosed.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2897</ID>
<BODY>Canadian Natural Resources
Ltd said it agreed in principle to sell 80 pct of its working
interest in certain producing and non-producing natural gas
properties located in southwestern Saskatchewan.
    The transaction is expected to close on April 1, 1987, the
company said. It did not identify the buyer nor give the
selling price.
    Proceeds will be used to satisfy a February 1987 repayment
demand by one of the company's lenders. Any excess proceeds
will be added to working capital, the company said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2923</ID>
<BODY>The U.N. Centre on Transnational
Corporations has issued a report containing guidelines and
recommendations for negotiating natural gas clauses in
agreements between transnational petroleum corporations and
host countries.
    The U.N. said the report was aimed at promoting petroleum
exploration in areas perceived as being gas prone. The 49-page
report contains an in-depth examination of the problems of gas
developoment and looks at different ways in which contractual
terms might deal with the risks in gas development associated
with pricing, marketing and volume.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2930</ID>
<BODY>Houston Oil Trust said there will be no
cash distribution to the unit holders in March.
    The most significant factor for the lack of a distribution
this month is the establishment of additional special cost
escrow accounts, the company said, adding, that there may be no
cash distribution in other months or during the remainder of
the year.
    For March, the working interest owner will place 1.9 mln
dlrs in special cost escrow accounts.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2951</ID>
<BODY>The Justice Department told the
Transportation Department it supported a request by USAir 
Group that the DOT dismiss an application by Trans World
Airlines Inc for approval to take control of USAir.
    "Our rationale is that we reviewed the application for
control filed by TWA with the DOT and ascertained that it did
not contain sufficient information upon which to base a
competitive review," James Weiss, an official in Justice's
Antitrust Division, told s.
 Reuter
</BODY>

<ID>2955</ID>
<BODY>About 200 people are feared
dead after a British cross-channel ferry rolled on its side off
the Belgian coast last night -- but almost 350 passengers were
plucked to safety from the ice-cold sea.
    Belgian Transport Minister Herman de Croo told reporters: "I
fear the dead could be in hundreds, perhaps 200. Given the
state of the water, I fear there is no hope."
    Townsend Thorensen, owners of the 7,951 tonne Herald of
Free Enterprise, said the ferry was carrying 543 people and
that 345 had been rescued. All but one were British.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2973</ID>
<BODY>The suspension of Ecuador's crude oil
shipments after an earthquake cut an oil pipeline will last at
least four months, a senior Energy Ministry official said.
    The official said Ecuador could resume exports after
repairing a 40 km section of the 510 km pipeline, which links
jungle oil fields at Lago Agrio to Balao on the Pacific coast.
It would take about 100 mln U.S. Dlrs to repair the pipeline,
the official, who did not want to be named, told s.
Ecuador had enough oil to meet domestic demand for about 35
days and would have to import crude to supplement stocks.
    The earthquake last Thursday night registered six on the
12-point international Mercalli scale. The damage to the
pipeline was a severe economic blow to Ecuador, where oil
accounts for up to two-thirds of total exports and as much as
60 pct of government revenues.
    Financially pressed Ecuador, a member of the Organisation
of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), was recently pumping
about 260,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude, about 50,000 bpd
above the output quota assigned by the cartel, another Energy
Ministry spokesman said. Last year, it exported an average of
173,500 bpd, according to the central bank.
    However, Ecuador might build an emergency 25 km pipeline,
costing 15 to 20 mln dlrs, to hook up with a Colombian
pipeline, the first official said. He estimated it could take
about 60 days to build.
    Ecuador, squeezed by the slide in world oil prices in 1986,
had only 138 mln dlrs in net international reserves at the end
of January, about equal to one month's imports.
    It suspended interest payments in January on 5.4 billion
dlrs owed to about 400 private foreign banks. The country's
total foreign debt is 8.16 billion dlrs, the eighth largest in
Latin America.
    In Caracas, President Jaime Lusinchi said Venezuela would
loan five mln barrels of crude to Ecuador over the next three
months to make up for losses from damage to the pipeline.
    Ecuador asked for the loan to guarantee domestic supplies
and would ship an equivalent volume back to Venezuela in
repayment in May, Lusinchi said.
    A commission headed by Venezuelan Investment Fund Minister
Hector Hurtado and including representatives from the interior
and defence ministries and the state oil company Petroleos de
Venezuela will travel to Ecuador Tuesday to evaluate and
co-ordinate an emergency relief program, he said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2976</ID>
<BODY>Australia sold 180,000 tonnes of raw
sugar to the Soviet Union for shipment in the next few weeks,
Queensland Primary Industries Minister Neville Harper said.
    Loading of a 50,000-tonne cargo on the Soviet freighter
Nikolay Kuznetsov for shipment to Odessa was completed today at
the Lucinda terminal, he said in a statement.
    The balance will be shipped from Mackay by end-March,
Harper said.
    Australia exported 159,000 tonnes of sugar to the Soviet
Union in 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2979</ID>
<BODY>Increased federal government borrowing
needs and a growing unwillingness by foreign investors to buy
mark assets could push yields in German public authority bonds
higher this year, bond market sources say.
    "At the moment we have a sideways movement in the short-term
rates. But how rates move in the long end will depend strongly
on foreigners," one portfolio manager for a large securities
investment house in Frankfurt said.
    The sources also said the government had already stepped up
its borrowing programme in anticipation on increased needs.
    Friday's loan stock was the third this year already, the
sources noted. It carried a 10-year maturity, a coupon of six
pct and price of 100-1/4 to yield 5.97 pct at issue.
    This compared with the last issue which had a 5-3/4 pct
coupon priced at 99-3/4 pct for a yield of 5.75 pct.
    But dealers said the terms were not enough to attract
foreign investors, and the federal government would have to
push yields higher in future if it wanted to borrow again soon.
    Sources noted federal government issues had also increased
in size, with the introduction of a four billion mark volume
only starting last May.
    One finance ministry economist said "It isn't more. It's
just the size (of each bond) which has increased." He added
conditions in the capital market currently remained fairly
favourable for raising new debt.
    Until recently, federal issues sold very strongly abroad,
with up to 90 pct of some being placed with foreign investors.
    With the recent stabilisation of the U.S. Dollar, however,
foreign investors have begun to back away from the market, as
hopes of further currency gains in marks diminish.
    Sources said the government has may have already stepped up
its borrowing, having raised more than 18 billion marks.
    The government made net borrowings of 23 billion marks in
1986. But Bundesbank statistics showed that net borrowing
through bonds was 26.6 billion.
    The sources said this indicated a move by the government
out of other types of debt to gain access to foreign funds
through the more acceptable loan stock form.
    Although new credit needs were partly inflated by a large
amount of issues maturing recently, other factors, including
the government's tax reduction program, would also reduce
income next year. "The problem here will be the tax reform," the
portfolio manager said.
    He added that the government's cut in its top income tax
rate to 53 pct from 56 pct in 1988 would make it difficult for
the government to reduce borrowings.
    The sources said the government would fall far short of
covering all of its 40 billion marks in lost revenue from the
tax reform by making expenditure cuts and would be forced to
fall back on debt markets in one form or the other.
    The portfolio manager noted that besides the three federal
government loan stocks so far this year, it has also fallen
back twice to raise a total 6.43 billion marks through the
issue of fixed-rate medium-term "Kassenobligation" notes.
    A finance ministry economist said the government did not
expect to have any trouble keeping to its plan to borrow only a
net 22.3 billion marks this year.
    Though many sources agreed, they added that the trend would
probably not continue next year as the further tax cuts come
into effect.
    "I would expect the efforts for a further tax reform would
mean government borrowing will increase," the manager said.
    Bond prices last week were slightly firmer on balance, with
the Bundesbank's public authority bond yield calculation
falling to 5.64 pct on Friday from 5.66 a week earlier.
    But sources said foreign demand for the new federal
government loan stock was slack, as sentiment grows that the
dollar may now rise against the mark.
    "The demand wasn't so good," a dealer for a German bank in
London said.
    The dollar's recent slight appreciation against the mark
even meant that foreign investors have sold mark bonds
recently, some dealers said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2993</ID>
<BODY>The Asian dollar market continued to
expand in December with total assets and liabilities rising to
200.60 billion U.S. Dlrs from 188.54 billion in November and
155.37 billion in December 1985, the Monetary Authority of
Singapore said.
    It said the increase came mainly from interbank activity,
with interbank lending rising to 146.61 billion dlrs in
December from 134.76 billion in November and 104.93 billion in
December 1985.
    Interbank deposits increased to 158.52 billion dlrs against
147.95 billion and 120.03 billion, respectively.
    Loans to non-bank customers increased in December to 38.74
billion dlrs from 38.64 billion in November and 37.44 billion
in December 1985.
    Deposits by non-bank customers rose to 33.81 billion dlrs
against 33.60 billion and 28.02 billion.
 
</BODY>

<ID>2994</ID>
<BODY>Singapore's M-1 money supply rose 3.7
pct during December to 9.82 billion dlrs, after a 2.0 pct
increase in November, the Monetary authority of Singapore (MAS)
said.
    M-1 growth for calendar 1986 was 11.8 pct compared with 4.0
pct growth over the year ending in November.
    MAS said in its latest monthly statistical bulletin the
December increase was largely due to seasonal year-end demand.
    The demand deposit component of M-1 increased to 4.79
billion dlrs in December from 4.62 billion in November and 4.05
billion in December 1985.
    Currency in active circulation rose to 5.03 billion dlrs in
December from 4.85 billion in November and 4.74 billion a year
earlier.
    Broadly-based M-2 money supply rose 1.6 pct to 30.95
billion dlrs during December after a 1.7 pct rise in November,
bringing year-on-year growth to 10.0 pct for the year ending in
December against 10.2 pct for the year ending in November.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3001</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England said it forecast a
shortage of around 250 mln stg in the money market today.
    Among the factors affecting liquidity, it said bills
maturing in official hands and the treasury bill take-up would
drain around 1.02 billion stg while below target bankers'
balances would take out a further 140 mln.
    Against this, a fall in the note circulation would add 345
mln stg and the net effect of exchequer transactions would be
an inflow of some 545 mln stg, the Bank added.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3016</ID>
<BODY>New credit advanced by finance houses,
retailers, bank credit cards and other specialist providers of
credit slipped to 2.66 billion stg in January from 2.78 billion
in December - but remained close to the average level for
1986's fourth quarter, the Department of Trade and Industry
said.
    Of the January total, 1.15 billion stg was advanced on bank
credit cards.
    On a three-month basis, total advances in November to
January were 3.0 pct lower than in the previous three months.
Within this total, lending to consumers fell by 6.0 pct and
lending to businesses declined by 5.0 pct.
    At end-January 1987, the total amount outstanding was 24.07
billion stg, up from December's 23.77 billion stg and 3.0 pct
above the total three months earlier, the department said.
    January saw a rise of 300 mln stg in amounts outstanding to
finance houses, other specialist credit grantors and retailers.
    The department said advances on credit cards rose by 1.0
pct between the latest two three-month periods. Retailers
advanced 3.0 pct less in the latest three months than in the
previous three months, it said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3020</ID>
<BODY>Bundesbank president Karl Otto Poehl
told a closed investment symposium that West Germany could cut
leading interest rates again if the United States makes a
similar move, banking sources said.
    The sources were reporting Poehl's remarks at a symposium
in Duesseldorf last week organised by Deutsche Bank Ag. Press
representatives were not invited.
    The sources, speaking separately, said Poehl told about 200
bankers in reply to questions that a cut in U.S. Interest rates
would give room for a matching measure in Germany.
    "It was a definite hint at lower German interest rates," said
one banker who attended the symposium.
    A Bundesbank spokesman said the central bank would have no
comment on the reported remarks, made at the private meeting.
    But, according to a second source, who also declined to be
identified, Poehl's comments were seen by bankers present as a
direct pointer to further moves by the central bank to defend
German industry from an additional revaluation of the mark.
    "He said if the Americans drop their interest rates then the
Bundesbank would also drop them. He said that quite clearly,"
the second source said.
    In reply to questions, Poehl also said the half-point cut
in the discount and Lombard rates on January 22 came after the
U.S. Had signalled it would be prepared to attend a meeting to
discuss the level of the dollar on condition Germany made such
a move in advance, the sources said.
    Asked if American authorities could have been persuaded, by
cuts in German rates, to come to the bargaining table as early
as last September, one of the sources quoted Poehl as saying,
"No, they wouldn't have been. We checked that."
    The Paris meeting of the Group of Six industrial nations
took place exactly one month after the German cut in rates.
    Poehl emphasised in his comments the very close talks
between central banks before and after the G-6 meeting, saying
that financial markets had not fully realised the significance
of the Paris session and the U.S. Agreement to stem further
falls in the value of the dollar, the sources said.
    For the first time all participants at the summit agreed
that a further fall in the dollar would be harmful for all
world economies, including the U.S., Poehl had said.
    The sources said the tone of Poehl's comments boosted
growing sentiment that the dollar would be stabilised around
current levels by international central bank cooperation.
    One source said Poehl's remarks also underlined the fact
that the Bundesbank was now more prepared to be accommodative
in monetary policy in order to prevent a further slowdown in
West Germany's economic growth.
    Poehl and other Bundesbank officials have in the past
stressed that the German central bank had no direct
responsibility for growth and was solely concerned with
combatting inflation.
    This led, for instance, to the introduction of a tighter
monetary stance from the beginning of December until the
half-point cut in rates in late January.
    The sources quoted Poehl as saying that the current
overshooting of the German monetary target would not directly
respark inflation. The Bundesbank was not obliged to react
immediately whenever such overshooting occurs.
    Latest data for central bank money stock, the Bundesbank's
main measure of money supply, showed the measure was growing at
7-1/2 pct in January, outside its three to six pct 1987 target.
    Share prices rose in very active trading today, with
dealers reporting that Poehl's remarks, coupled with a bullish
outlook on stock prices from Deutsche at the same symposium,
brought in strong bargain hunting at current low levels.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3048</ID>
<BODY>The suspension of Ecuador's crude oil
shipments after an earthquake cut an oil pipeline will last at
least four months, a senior Energy Ministry official said.
    The official said Ecuador could resume exports after
repairing a 40 km section of the 510 km pipeline, which links
jungle oil fields at Lago Agrio to Balao on the Pacific coast.
It would take about 100 mln U.S. Dlrs to repair the pipeline,
the official, who did not want to be named, told s.
Ecuador had enough oil to meet domestic demand for about 35
days and would have to import crude to supplement stocks.
    The earthquake last Thursday night registered six on the
12-point international Mercalli scale. The damage to the
pipeline was a severe economic blow to Ecuador, where oil
accounts for up to two-thirds of total exports and as much as
60 pct of government revenues.
    Financially pressed Ecuador, a member of the Organisation
of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), was recently pumping
about 260,000 barrels per day (bpd) of crude, about 50,000 bpd
above the output quota assigned by the cartel, another Energy
Ministry spokesman said. Last year, it exported an average of
173,500 bpd, according to the central bank.
    However, Ecuador might build an emergency 25 km pipeline,
costing 15 to 20 mln dlrs, to hook up with a Colombian
pipeline, the first official said. He estimated it could take
about 60 days to build.
    Ecuador, squeezed by the slide in world oil prices in 1986,
had only 138 mln dlrs in net international reserves at the end
of January, about equal to one month's imports.
    It suspended interest payments in January on 5.4 billion
dlrs owed to about 400 private foreign banks. The country's
total foreign debt is 8.16 billion dlrs, the eighth largest in
Latin America.
    In Caracas, President Jaime Lusinchi said Venezuela would
loan five mln barrels of crude to Ecuador over the next three
months to make up for losses from damage to the pipeline.
    Ecuador asked for the loan to guarantee domestic supplies
and would ship an equivalent volume back to Venezuela in
repayment in May, Lusinchi said.
    A commission headed by Venezuelan Investment Fund Minister
Hector Hurtado and including representatives from the interior
and defence ministries and the state oil company Petroleos de
Venezuela will travel to Ecuador Tuesday to evaluate and
co-ordinate an emergency relief program, he said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3063</ID>
<BODY>Sweden's Stora Kopparbergs Bergslags
said it had now acquired 90 pct of shares in rival
pulp and paper makers Papyrus AB, thus passing the threshold
above which it can compulsorily buy the rest of the company.
    Remaining shareholders would have until later this month to
sell their shares to Stora, the company said in a statement.
    Stora announced last September it would acquire Papyrus at
a price of 5.8 billion crowns, thus forming Europe's second
largest forest group after London-based Reed International.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3067</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England said it provided the
market with unspecified late assistance worth 15 mln stg.
    It has given the market total assistance of 228 mln stg
today compared with a liquidity shortage it estimated at a
revised 300 mln stg.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3091</ID>
<BODY>A. H. Robins Co, the drug company
in bankruptcy proceedings due to litigation over its Dalkon
Shield contraceptive device, reported consolidated net earnings
for the month ended January 31 of 17.3 mln dlrs.
    In the corresponding year-ago period it reported net
earnings of 13.8 mln dlrs.
    Robins said the filings were made with the U.S. trustee
overseeing its chapter 11 bankruptcy case.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3096</ID>
<BODY>Grease Monkey Holding Corp said it has
received and rejected an unsolicited merger offer from Jiffy
Lube International Inc.
    The company said the proposal involved an exchange of
Grease Monkey common stock for a combination of Jiffy Lube
securities with an estimated current value substantially below
Grease Monkey's current market
 price.
    It said it will not disclosed details.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3103</ID>
<BODY>Barclays Bank and Midland
Bank said they are cutting their base lending
rates to 10.5 pct from 11 pct. The cuts follow a similar move
by National Westminster Bank.
    The rate changes take effect tomorrow.
    The base rate reductions came after the Bank of England cut
its dealing rates this morning in a signal to the money markets
that it would not resist a half percentage point drop in bank
base lending rates, market sources said.
    Until the end of last week, the central was holding out
staunchly against market pressures for lower rates in an
apparent effort to preserve the expected rate cuts for around
the time of the government's annual Budget on March 17.
    Sterling remained firm around 1.59 dlrs compared with its
close here on Friday at 1.5865 dlrs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3107</ID>
<BODY>Dixie Yarns Inc and TI-CARO
Inc jointly said they signed a merger agreement calling for
Dixie to acquire all TI-CARO's stock in exchange for three mln
of Dixie's common.
    The companies said the previously announced merger has been
approved by TI-CARO's board and is expected to close by early
April.
    They said the revenues of the combined companies will be
over 600 mln dlrs, and Dixie said the merger will not dilute
its 1987 results. TI-CARO was taken private in 1984 in a
management led leveraged buy-out.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3111</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of England said it was taking
onto its books a further one billion stg tranche of 8-3/4 pct
Treasury Loan stock due 1997, payable 40 stg pct on
application. The stock was issued to the Bank at 96.50 stg pct
and will be available for dealings from March 11, with the
remainder of the amount payable on May 5. The Bank said the
bonds would yield 9.28 pct at the issue price and would be free
of tax to residents overseas. The issue would be designated
8-3/4 pct Treasury Loan 1997 "B."  A further 100 mln stg was
reserved for the National Debt Commissioners.
    The market dropped by up to 1/2 point following the Bank's
announcement, with the Treasury 13-1/2 pct stock due 2004/08
quoted one full point lower at 134-12/32 stg pct around 20
minutes after the news.
    Dealers said the announcement had to be viewed against the
backdrop of intense pressure for lower U.K. Interest rates
which had built up over the past two weeks as a result of
sterling's strength.
    The Bank this morning finally signalled it was prepared to
see lower rates and U.K. Clearing banks this afternoon
announced cuts in their base lending rates to 10.5 pct from 11
pct.
    The Bank had initially been reluctant to countenance a rate
cut because, dealers said, the authorities had wished to delay
a reduction until around the time of the U.K. Budget on March
17, thereby preserving the full impact of Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson's package of measures.
    However, in the face of sterling's apparently inexorable
climb, the authorities today decided to cede to pressure and
allow a half-point cut.
    Today's one billion stg tap issue was viewed by the market
as a move by the Bank to eradicate hopes for a further early
rate cut which might arise as a result of strong sterling.
    Most market participants believe that Lawson will now
foster a further half point interest rate reduction at the time
of the budget, although one or two said they would not be
surprised to see a full point decline at this stage.
    Dealers noted that as part of the authorities' attempts
last week to ease pressure for lower rates, the Bank had issued
a one billion stg tap stock with a view to subduing the
Government bond market.
    To the surprise of most participants, the issue was sold
out within hours of becoming available for trading and the
market pushed on to register further sharp gains.
    Dealers said that at this stage it seemed unlikely that the
issue announced today would be absorbed by the market as
rapidly as last week's.
    However, they noted that although sterling had edged down
from its highs following the base rate cut, it had still closed
on a trade-weighted basis at 72.4, well ahead of Friday's final
71.8 and only just beneath the peak of 72.5 touched at 1300
GMT.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3120</ID>
<BODY>PPG Industries Inc said a group of
investors led by Sterling Group of Houston said it has agreed
to acquire PPG's ethylene products business, including its
inteest in an ethylene glycols joint venture with du Pont Co
in Beaumont, Texas, for undisclosed terms.
    The company said completion is expected in the second
quarter.
    It said the business had sales of over 50 mln dlrs in 1986.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3122</ID>
<BODY>Barclays Bank and Midland
Bank said they are cutting their base lending
rates to 10.5 pct from 11 pct. The cuts follow a similar move
by National Westminster Bank.
    The rate changes take effect tomorrow.
    The base rate reductions came after the Bank of England cut
its dealing rates this morning in a signal to the money markets
that it would not resist a half percentage point drop in bank
base lending rates, market sources said.
    Until the end of last week, the central was holding out
staunchly against market pressures for lower rates in an
apparent effort to preserve the expected rate cuts for around
the time of the government's annual Budget on March 17.
    Sterling remained firm around 1.59 dlrs compared with its
close here on Friday at 1.5865 dlrs.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3135</ID>
<BODY>The Hamburg fishmeal market saw little
movement in the past week with demand slack as in other protein
feed sectors, trade sources said.
    Prices edged up on firmer origin offering levels and the
stronger dollar. Sellers quoted 64 pct fishmeal at between 640
and 650 marks per tonne free on truck for spot and between 630
and 640 marks for April/Dec.
    International demand was also slow but some inquiries from
Far Eastern buyers were noted in South American producer
countries, the sources said.
    Chile is said to have good catches in northern and southern
fishing grounds, with offers unchanged at 330 dlrs per tonne c
and f North German ports.
    Peru's catches differ regionally and stocks are low.
Sellers quoted a nominal offering level of 320 dlrs per tonne c
and f north German ports. Ecuador was not in the market and
catches are said to be poor.
    Denmark has seasonally low catches, with 72 pct meal
offered at 315 crowns per 100 kilos cif North European ports
for April/Oct deliveries. Iceland has good catches and sellers
quoted a price of 5.45 dlrs per percentage point protein cif
North European ports. Norway was not in the market.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3155</ID>
<BODY>The chairman of the conference on a new
International Natural Rubber Agreement (INRA), Manaspas Xuto of
Thailand, said it was imperative to try to settle the main
outstanding issues this week.
    The INRA renegotiation conference, which resumed today
under the auspices of the United Nations Conference on Trade
and Development (UNCTAD), is scheduled to last until March 20.
    Xuto told delegates this session of the conference
presented a promising opportunity to conclude a new pact but it
had to be the last before the current accord expires in
October.
    Xuto said in his consultations with representatives of
major exporting and importing countries over the last few
months, "I have found a constructive attitude and willingness to
be flexible on the part of all concerned."
    "It is imperative that we try to settle the major
outstanding issues in the course of this week, since a
considerable amount of technical drafting work will remain to
be completed." He said he will immediately start consultations
with producers and consumers.
    The last October negotiations collapsed in disagreement
over buffer stock operations.
    Consumer demands for tighter buffer stock controls, aimed
at preventing INRA from following the collapse of the
International Tin Agreement (ITA), were rejected by producers
who argued for unchanged INRA terms.
    The tin pact failed when its buffer stock manager ran out
of funds to support prices.
    Three previous rounds of talks between rubber producers and
consumers for a new five-year pact ended without agreement. The
INRA, originally due to expire in October 1985, was extended to
October 1987 to facilitate renegotiation.
    Wong Kum Choon, head of the Malaysian delegation, said he
was cautiously optimistic "that together we should be able to
save INRA and prevent it from being scuttled."
    Without INRA, he added, prices of natural rubber would
become more volatile.
    Calling on delegates to show a sense of purpose and
reality, he said, "There is no reason why we could not put aside
differences and come up with a successor agreement."
 
</BODY>

<ID>3166</ID>
<BODY>An appeal by Buitoni SpA against a court
ruling that an accord under which it was to acquire Italian
state food firm SME - Societa Meridionale Finanziaria was not
contractually binding has been rejected, court officials said.
    An appeal court rejected Buitoni's claim that the 497
billion lire accord with the state industrial company IRI -
Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale was a binding
contract. The decision upholds a court ruling of last July.
    Buitoni is controlled by CIR - Compagnie Industriali
Riunite, an investment company itself controlled by Ing C
Olivetti EC SpA chairman Carlo De Benedetti.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3207</ID>
<BODY>Total U.S. slab zinc stocks held by
smelters rose to 24,735 short tons at the end of February  from
22,120 short tons at the end of January, the American Bureau of
Metal Statistics reported.
    Zinc production increased to 26,732 short tons in February
from 25,786 short tons in January.
    Shipments from smelters' plants declined to 23,560 short
tons in February from 24,564 short tons in January.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3211</ID>
<BODY>Lead stocks held by U.S. refiners rose
to 37,295 short tons at the end of February from 34,224 short
tons (revised higher) at the end of January, the American
Bureau of Metal Statistics reported.
    Production of lead decreased to 33,619 short tons in
February from 38,759 short tons in January.
    Shipments from plants increased to 30,467 short tons in
February from 27,041 short tons (revised lower) in January, the
ABMS said.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3222</ID>
<BODY>The Bank of Zambia has paid out foreign
exchange arrears from three auctions conducted last year, a
bank spokesman said.
    "We have now cleared three auctions and are left with only
four, worth eight mln dlrs," the spokesman said without
specifying the amount paid out.
    The bank had not paid foreign exchange to private firms
since it suspended the weekly auctions on January 28.
    It has said the auctions were suspended because it planned
to introduce a modified system after talks with the World Bank
and the International Monetary Fund.
    President Kenneth Kaunda announced last month that the
auction would be retained for allocating foreign exchange to
approved private sector bidders, but would not be used to
determine the kwacha's exchange rate.
    Last week, he said the auction had run into trouble because
of a shortage of foreign exchange.
    The government has fixed the exchange rate at nine kwacha
per dollar, effectively revaluing the kwacha by 67.7 pct.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3223</ID>
<BODY>A small investor group led by Melvyn
Gelch, a Providence, R.I., surgeon, told the Securities and
Exchange Commission it has acquired 60,840 shares of Datarex
Systems Inc, or 5.5 pct of the total outstanding common stock.
    The Gelch group said it bought the stake for about 935,000
dlrs for investment purposes only.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3241</ID>
<BODY>Chrysler Corp said it valued its
proposed buyout of American Motors Corp at 757 mln dlrs, not
counting the effect of a contingent payment that could reach
350 mln dlrs based on AMC's future profits.
    A Chrysler spokesman told s that the letter of intent
signed with Renault, AMC's controlling shareholder with a 46.2
pct direct stake, includes a provision for Renault to be paid
35 mln dlrs in cash for AMC's finance subsidiary and 200 mln
dlrs in the form of an eight pct note. He said he did not know
the maturity of the note.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3242</ID>
<BODY>Dart Group is likely seeking to
buy Supermarkets General, analysts said.
    "There's been rumors that they've taken a position in the
company, said Wood Gundie analyst Edward Comeau.
    Last year, Dart Group, owner of Auto Trak INc and Crown
Books, competed against Kohlberg, Kravis to acquire Safeway
Stores INc.
    The company later reached an accord under which it would
buy 20 pct of the company after Kohlberg Kravis completed its
leveraged buyout of the company.
    The company later sold its 20 pct stock for about 180 mln
to 200 mln dlrs, according to analysts.
     Dart Group Corp was not immediately available for comment.
    Jerry Ballan, analyst with Conner Ballan division of Edward
Viner and Co, said, "They has been rumored to be buying
some other supermarkets as well, such as Stop and Shop."
    "My guess is that Supermarkets General does not want to be
bought out," said Ballan.
    Analysts, however, said Supermarkets General is facing
problems due to its Purity Supreme and Rickels operations,
which might make it difficult to thwart a bid.
    Supermarkets General is expected to report about 1.70 dlrs
a share compared to a 1.73 dlrs a share reported for 1985 on a
post stock split basis.
    For the first quarter, Comeau predicts the company will
earn 39 cts a share from 35 cts a share a year ago, and should
earn about 2.05 dlrs for 1987.
    "But that estimation could go to a 1.80 dlrs easily, due to
Purity Supreme in New England," Comeau said.
    He said competition among supermarkets is getting heated in
that area and that the company has had difficulty with
integrating Purity Supreme with its Pathmark store operations.
    Rickels, a home center business, has faced problems due to
the state of that industry, and has reported lower returns as
an operating unit, according to analysts.
    Analysts said that if Dart buys Supermarkets General it
would probably divest the company's operations.
    Analyst Comeau said "supermarkets general may seek a
combination with another supermarket company."
</BODY>

<ID>3251</ID>
<BODY>Consolidated Grandview Inc said it
acquired a 60 pct stake in All Ticket Group PLC, of London,
for undisclosed terms. The seller was also undisclosed.
    All Ticket is a special events travel company with
exclusive European rights to UAL's United Airlines
Apollo system, booking all United Airlines flights in Britain
and Europe. All Ticket and its subsidiaries will also
co-sponsor various events this year including the British Open
golf tournament and rowing's Henley Regatta.
    Its 1986 revenues totaled 12 mln Canadian dlrs.
   
</BODY>

<ID>3252</ID>
<BODY>United Cities Gas Co said it
has acquired Lyle Propane Gas Co, a Cairo, Ga., propane gas
distributor, for undisclosed terms.
    It said Lyle has sales of about four mln gallons annually
and serves about 4,000 customers in seven counties in southwest
Georgia and north Florida.
 
</BODY>

<ID>3277</ID>
<BODY>Montedison has acquired a 70
pct stake in Plant Cell Research Institute of
California from Atlantic Richfield Co for "several tens
of millions of dollars," a senior Montedison executive said.
    Renato Ugo, a member of Montedison's management committee,
told reporters that Stanford Research Institute International>
of Menlo Park, California, had acted as a partner in the
purchase, itself acquiring a stake in PCRI of under 10 pct.
    PCRI, based in Dublin, California has a biotechnology
research laboratory.
    Ugo said the price paid included outlays for the laboratory
technology and staff.
    He said other negotiations were under way with
biotechnology companies in the health care and diagnostics
sectors through Montedison's health care subsidiary Erbamont but gave no details.
    "We hope they will be concluded by the year end," he said.
    Montedison currently invests around 30 billion lire a year
in biotechnology research and expects to increase this figure
to around 50 billion lire in the next few years.
 
</BODY>
